This privacy statement describes the privacy practices of CyberTAN Technology Inc., and its subsidiaries (collectively, "CyberTAN" "we," "our", "us" or the "Company") regarding our collection, use, process, and transfer of your personal data through our websites, products, services, tools, software, or applications on which we post a direct link to this privacy statement or which is referred to within this privacy statement (collectively the “CyberTAN Services”). CyberTAN respects individual privacy and values the trust of its customers, employees, consumers, business partners and others. This privacy statement covers only your personal data collected through the CyberTAN Services and not any other method of data collection, use and disclosure, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other services that maintain their own, separate privacy policies. We strongly encourage you to read this privacy statement carefully.
Data that CyberTAN Collects
We collect different types of data, including both personal and non-personal data. “Personal data” is data that can be used to individually identify you, including your name, postal or physical address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other information you have provided or is required to carry out a transaction, provide a service or deliver a product. Depending on where you live, Personal data may also include information of your real-time location, your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address or unique device identifier (UDI). We may collect and store information you or others provide in community discussions, chats, and correspondence received through the CyberTAN Services or sent to us directly.
Portions of our CyberTAN Services may only be accessible if you complete our online registration. When you register our website, we may ask you to provide a set of user name and password. We may retain this information to remember you whenever you log in. This information may be linked to other data that we collect while you are on the CyberTAN Services.
Prospective employees may submit information to apply for employment with us, which may be operated by an authorized vendor. Personal data collected through such online service may include name, address, telephone and fax numbers, email address, education history, military service, immigration status and employment history or other information. Information provided through this process is subject to the privacy policy of the authorized vendor(s), which you should review before providing information.
The collection and use of your Personal data may be necessary for us to provide you with a product or service, communicate with you, or maintain our relationship with you. Please note that if you choose not to provide us with Personal data, we may not be able to provide you with such, in part or at all.