Please remember that any information you choose to disclose in public areas of the CyberTAN Services (such as within community forums through a chat feature or published in a product review) may become public information. You should exercise caution when disclosing information in such public areas and refrain from disclosing Personal Information.
If you have questions about how these third parties collect, use and share your data, you should review their respective policies or contact them directly. By allowing a link to a third-party service, or otherwise allowing association with a CyberTAN Service, we are not in any way endorsing, promoting or representing the quality of that service or taking responsibility for its practices.
Security
We appreciate your trust in sharing your Personal Data with us, and we are committed to taking reasonable measures to protect it. We utilize a combination of security technologies, procedures and organizational measures that are generally accepted in the industry to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. By way of example, access to your Personal Data is restricted to employees, contractors and agents of CyberTAN who need to access such data to perform their assigned job duties.
We may also store your personal data on limited-access computer systems which are located in controlled facilities.
Despite our efforts to protect your Personal Data, there is an inherent risk of encountering an unexpected security breach in any modern day computing environment. In the event of a security breach, if our investigations indicate that there could be significant harm to your legal interests as a result of such unauthorized access or disclosure of your Personal Data, we will promptly notify you and the proper authorities as required by law.
Links
We may link to, or otherwise make available via the CyberTAN Services, third-party services such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube, etc. which are outside of our control and are not covered by our statements in this privacy statement. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party services, including without limitation social media platforms and their plug-ins that may be on CyberTAN Services.
Amendments
This privacy statement may be amended from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy statement, we will post the revised statement on this page.