When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we will protect that personal information as described in this Privacy Statement to offer an adequate level of data protection . Exercise the Rights You may exercise the following rights: (1) rights of inquiry and request for a review of the personal information; (2) rights to make requests for duplications; (3) rights to make supplements or corrections(rectification); (4) rights to request discontinuation or restriction of collection, processing or use of personal information; (5) rights to request deletion of personal information; (6) rights to withdraw your consent any times; (7) rights of data portability; and (8) rights to lodge your complaint ("Exercise the Rights") .
WINBOND may not take action, however, on your request for exercising your right, if the applicable law stipulates WINBOND is entitled not to do so . Any exercise of your rights as listed above will result in your not being able to purchase or obtain products or services from WINBOND, to the extent that the Purposes specified herein cannot be attained .
The Retention of Personal Information You agree that WINBOND may process and use your personal information via proper means in Taiwan, R . O . C . and other countries within the Purposes specified above, and that WINBOND may retain your personal information (i) only for as long as is considered necessary for the Purpose for which it was collected (including as required by applicable law or regulation), (ii) until you withdraw your consent for us to do so, or (iii) until WINBOND ceases to provide products and services to you .
However, where WINBOND is required by mandatory law to retain your personal information or where your personal information is required for WINBOND to assert or defend against legal claims, WINBOND will retain your personal information until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled .
Use of Cookies This Website may send a cookie (a small text file) to your computer in order to facilitate your use of this Website . If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may reset your Internet browser to block all cookies . You may also configure your Internet browser so that you receive a warning before a cookie is stored .
To learn more about cookies, you may visit www . cookiecentral . com The WINBOND web server automatically records information incidental to your use of this Website, including but not limited to the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the date and time you access this Website, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to this Website .
WINBOND uses the aforementioned information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout this Website . Security WINBOND will apply appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of your personal information and to avoid your personal information be destructed, lost or unauthorized disclosed or access .
