and licensed to Wiwynn; all other Wiwynn product names mentioned in the Website are registered trademarks owned by Wiwynn . All other products, brand names, or company names mentioned in the Website are properties and trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies . The company name, trademark, or logo of Wiwynn may not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this information without prior written permission from Wiwynn .
You may not use the company name, trademark or logo of Wiwynn for any illegal or unauthorized purpose . Violation of These Terms of Use You agree that Wiwynn may in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Website and/or block your future access to the Website if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use .
You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Wiwynn, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Wiwynn obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Wiwynn deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances .
These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Wiwynn may have at law or in equity . If Wiwynn does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, Wiwynn will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorney’s fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Wiwynn .
You agree that Wiwynn will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of your access to the Website as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use . Disclaimer Wiwynn accepts no responsibility for to the accuracy of the content for any purpose and makes no commitment to update the content .
The website and its content are provided “as is” . Wiwynn cannot ensure that any files or other data you download form the website will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features . Wiwynn disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose .
All information and content provided on the website is subject to change without notice . Any responses from website visitors shall be deemed non-confidential and Wiwynn shall be free to copy, use and distribute any information or ideas contained in such responses . Except where prohibited by law, in no event shall Wiwynn be liable for any direct, special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever, including loss of profits or data, whether in an action in contract or tort, in connection with the use or performance of this information, even if Wiwynn has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
Governing Law These Terms of Use and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Taiwan R .
