Skip to the main content . Toggle Menu Privacy and Legal Privacy Get to know our privacy practices, how we collect and process data, and your choices about how information is used . Wiwynn Corporation (hereinafter ¡§Wiwynn¡¨ or ¡§we¡¨) takes privacy and the rights of personal data owners seriously .
Thus, in accordance with the privacy-related laws and regulations of each operation sites and the relevant requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we have formulated the Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the ¡§Policy¡¨) as the highest principle for implementation of privacy protection in order to protect and manage personal information and ensure that privacy will not be infringed .
We are also committed to requiring all employees of our subsidiaries and joint ventures, as well as suppliers, contractors and external consultants to comply with the Policy . The Policy may be amended from time to time due to the relevant regulations . Please pay close attention to our website to timely update the latest contents .
1 . Personal Data Categories The Personal Data herein includes all personal data that can be used to directly or indirectly identify individuals . Each personal data may vary depanding on the purpose for which it is collected, but is not limited to the following: (1) Basic data such as name, gender, date of birth, address, phone number, email address, job location, job title, ID card/passport or other certificate numbers, picture of face and other non-public information directly related to personally identifiable information (eg .
preferences of product, interests or browsing history etc . ) (2) The data collected by Cookies on Wiwynn¡¦s website . (3) Candidates¡¦ education experience, qualification certificates and work experience . (4) Documents signed or expressed consent to during the contact with Wiwynn . 2 . Purpose of Personal Data Collection/Use Wiwynn may collect and use your personal data for the following purposes in accordance with the relevant law: (1) For the purpose of providing products and services ¡V including but not limited to the matters related to signing contracts, (2) For the purpose of marketing communication ¡V including but not limited to updating our systems, processes and related information, communication and interaction, maintaining and updating contact information, improving or developing our products and services, and other related matters .
(3) For the purpose of management ¡V including but not limited to supplier management, manpower management and related matters . (4) For the purpose of physical security ¡V including but not limited to access records of factories, monitor video records, system login, access and other related records . (5) For the purpose of legal compliance ¡V including but not limited to the investigation of legal cases, the prevention of crime, the assertion/exercise/defense of legal rights and related matters .
3 . Principle of Personal Data Collection (1) For different types/purposes of personal data collection, we will provide explanations and information with separate opt-in for each purpose . Also, we will itemize the rights for choice on your own and collect data after receiving consent .
