When you use Wiwynn¡¦s website or provide your personal data on your own when contacting Wiwynn, you agree to the terms and conditions of the Policy and also agree we collect and process your personal data in accordance with the Policy . (2) For the collection, processing and use the personal data, we continuously monitor and manage by the principle of not exceeding the specific purpose and not making secondary purpose .
4 . Sharing of Personal Data For legitime operating activities, we may provide personal data to the following parties: (1) The legitimate authorities including the legal competent authorities and those necessary for litigation, other legal proceedings or the investigating, detecting and preventing crime offenses . (2) The institutions using data by law and regulations (such as Wiwynn¡¦s subsidiaries and other business-related institutions .
(3) The parties agreed by you (including but not limited to the following parties, such as the companies jointly marketing or sharing customer information with Wiwynn or the companies cooperating business with Wiwynn . (4) The accountants, auditors, attorneys and other experts providing consultant services, who already signed Non-disclosure agreement with Wiwynn .
(5) If we engage a third-party supplier to process the Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: l only process the personal data in accordance with the purpose of our prior written instructions; and l establish mechanism to protect the security of personal data in compliance with requirements under applicable law and regulations .
5 . Retention Period of Personal Data (1) Unless otherwise agreed, we will retain the personal data within 5 years in principle or the period in accordance with the extinction of specific purpose for collection or the expiration of agreement term (the longer period will prevail) . (2) We will perpetually delete, destroy or anonymously dispose the personal data after the expiration of above retention period .
6 . Protection Mechanism of Personal Data We will do our best to take reasonable measure to protect the security of your personal data (including but not limited to equipment security management and data security auditing mechanism, such as encryption mechanism, firewall etc) . We are not responsible for any content, products or services offered on any third-party websites .
Links to third-party websites are provided for your convenience only . This Privacy Policy will not apply to any personal data that you provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party website operator . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites .
7 . Claim/Request of Personal Data Owner With respect to personal data, you have the right to claim/request under the legally premise: (1) Refuse to provide your personal data: However, if you choose not to provide your personal data, we may not be able to completely provide the relevant functions or services of our website .
(2) The right to withdraw your consent: Withdraw your consent will not affect the legality of processing your personal data by Wiwynn on the basis of your previous consent .
