(2) We also use cookies to gather information on the date and time of your visit . The session cookies are permanently lost when the browser closes . The persistent or perpetual cookies are contained in your device until you delete them manually or it reaches to the expiration date you set up for retention period .
11 . Consultation, Reporting and Acceptance (1) If there is an incident or situation that may cause damage to your rights, or if you discover any possible violation of the Policy, please contact us at +886-2-6615-8888 or Legal@wiwynn . com . We will protect the identity and rights of the whistleblower by strictly protecting the relevant information of the whistleblower .
(2) In the event of a personal data incident that results in a breach of your rights, we will immediately process and investigate the incident and notify you in an appropriate manner once it is identified . If you have any questions or suggestions about the Wiwynn Privacy Policy, please send an email to Legal@wiwynn .
com . Legal Terms of Use Review the terms of your agreement with Wiwynn in the use of our products, software, and services . Ownership of Website; Agreement to terms of Use These Terms and Condition of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the Wiwynn website (the “Website”) .
The Website is the property of Wiwynn Corporation (“Wiwynn”) . BY VISITING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND ACCEPTED TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE, AND TO COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE Wiwynn may amend and update the Terms of Use from time to time in its sole discretion .
It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically . Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes . All changes are effective immediately upon posting on this Website . Copyright The information, graphics, text, user interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logo, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, “Content”) contained on the Website is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Wiwynn, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws .
No part of the Website and Content may be modified, altered, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, upload, publicly displayed, posted, encoded, translated, transmitted or created derivative works in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Wiwynn .
If you breach any of the Terms of Use, the permission to your use of the Website will terminate immediately and you must destroy any materials you have downloaded or copied . All other rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Wiwynn . Trademark “Wiwynn”, mentioned in the Website is registered trademark owned by Wistron Corp .
