We also collect other non-personal types of data, including device information such as the type of browser or operating system used and software usage statistics. We use this data, and may compile and analyze the data, in order to improve products and services and to personalize your experience with us. Examples of non-personal data include hardware configuration, computer or device characteristics and connection information such as browser type, version and time zone setting, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through and from our websites including date and time, cookie number.
Cookies and Other Technologies
We use tracking technologies such as cookies (small files placed on your hard drive), web beacons, website analytics tools, and the personal information you provide us to personalize your online experience and improve our services. Some information about your use of the CyberTAN Services may be collected using tracking technologies across time and services, and used by us and third parties for purposes, such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant ads and/or other content to you on the CyberTAN Services.
Please see our Cookie Policy for additional information, including certain choices you may have regarding some of these activities. By accessing CyberTAN Services, you consent to the placement of cookies and our and third party use of track technologies subject to our Cookie Policy.
Some web browsers may have settings for “Do Not Track” signals. Browsers may have this signal on or off by default, and there is no standard as to how websites should respond. We do not currently monitor or take action regarding these signals.
We encourage you to look at opt-out methods described in our Cookie Policy or as otherwise available from applicable third parties.
Use of Personal Data
You agree that we may use your Personal Information for our commercial purposes including for instance:
To deliver a product or provide a service you have requested or to provide you with product registration, technical and customer support;
To administer promotions that you enter such as a contest or sweepstakes;
To consider you for employment if you submit a job application;
To allow your participation in activities, such as online discussion groups or chats, communities and surveys;
To communicate with you through emails, text messages or phone calls about our products and services, targeted marketing materials, service updates, and promotional offers;
To customize, measure, deliver and improve our products, services, content and advertising;
To recognize you when you log in and to authorize your instructions after you have logged in;
To personalize your overall experience with us;
To transfer information to our authorized third parties; and
10. Other uses as indicated with the information that is collected.