Sharing Personal Data
We may also share Personal Data with our authorized third parties (such as our authorized vendors) who help with our business operations, including the storage and processing of personal data for the uses listed in this privacy statement.
As permitted by applicable law, we may disclose and share non-personal data without restriction. For instance, we may share aggregated and non-personally identifiable data with our commercial customers, business partners or vendors for the purposes of improving their products or services.
In no event will CyberTAN sell, rent, share, trade or disclose Personal Data to any third party without your permission.
We may disclose your personal data to comply with applicable laws, legal processes, government or quasi-governmental requests, to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may disclose personal data and other information available to us when we believe, in our sole discretion, disclosure is necessary or appropriate in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to us or the rights, property or physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use or other agreements, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
In the event that CyberTAN undergoes a re-organization, merger or sale of all or a part of our assets, we may transfer personal and non-personal data as part of the transaction.
Except under the circumstances described above, CyberTAN will not share or disclose Personal Data to any third party for promotional purposes without your permission.
Minors
The CyberTAN Services are not directed to minors and are intended for a general audience comprised of adults as defined in applicable laws. If you are a minor in your country of residence, you may use CyberTAN Services only with the supervision of your parent or guardian.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13 or other years of age as required by applicable laws. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal data from a child under the age of 13 or other years of age as required by applicable laws, we will delete the information to the extent required by applicable laws.
Storage and Transfer of Data
Your Personal Data may be transferred to, stored, and/or processed in Taiwan and/or other countries with different levels of privacy protection than are applicable in your country. It is important to note that some or all of your Personal Data provided to third party service providers may be held by them in countries other than your own. You acknowledge and understand that your Personal Data will be subject to the applicable laws of each such jurisdiction, which may not provide for the same level of protection as your country of residence.
When we do so, we transfer data in compliance with applicable international data protection laws. We also take steps to protect Personal data in the jurisdiction in which it is stored or to which it is transferred. We have procedures and controls to help ensure the protection of Personal Data. Your Personal Data may also be processed by staff working for us or for our vendors or suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your Personal Data, you consent to any such transfers, storage or other processing of your Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Statement.
We will not retain your personal data longer than is necessary to honor your choices, fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as required by law.