Compare Inquiry Partners Global eShop Products Services Applications Support News & Events About us Contact eShop AAEON Privacy Policy Valid as of May 2018 At AAEON, we are committed to handling your personal information with care and responsibility, while also upholding all relevant data protection laws . This policy statement outlines how AAEON collects, uses, and shares personal information about anyone – including customers, clients, business partners, suppliers, and representatives of organizations – with whom AAEON has, or is considering entering into, a business relationship .
The collection of your personal information Personal information is almost always collected through direct communication such as a company survey . We also regularly gather information about individuals when they register for or take part in a company event . The personal information of people living within the EU will be collected in accordance with EU Privacy Legislation, and this may affect your rights – see the Your rights section below .
We might collect your personal information for a number of different reasons, which include: Website and online service ease of use When you visit an AAEON website or use an associated online service, information such as your user name, password, IP address, and personal browser settings will be gathered to ensure you have access to relevant information and services, and also to allow us to operate our websites and comply with relevant legal requirements .
Additionally, to personalize your website experience, information about the way in which you use AAEON websites, such as your preferences and settings, will be recorded . This data will help us improve our products and services . Our ability to contact existing and prospective clients, partners, and suppliers, and their staff In order to deliver products and services, provide support, manage contracts, and invoice customers, we collect business contact information for existing and prospective clients, partners, and suppliers .
This information might include the names, titles/positions, and contact details of staff members, advisors, contractors, and authorized users . Efficient handling of orders and response to requests for information or support Whenever you contact AAEON, whether online or otherwise, to order products or services or to ask for information or support, we will record the information we need to fulfill your order or answer your enquiry .
This information might include your name, contact details, a summary of your request or any agreement you have entered into with us, details about the fulfillment of any request or delivery and invoicing of any order, and any information gathered from a client satisfaction survey . This information will be kept for administrative purposes, to help us serve you better in the future, and to defend our rights .
Documenting visitors We record the names and contact details of people who visit AAEON company premises . Due to safety, security, and regulatory considerations, security cameras are also in operation at company locations . Cookies AAEON uses “cookies” to collect information when you visit company websites . This information is used to give us an insight into website usage and effectiveness, improve our products and services, and to personalize your online experience .
