If, in our communications with you, we state that we have used your personal information in conjunction with a request, order, transaction, or agreement, we will have used the information because it was necessary for the fulfillment of the request, order, transaction, or agreement . If we state that we have used your personal information in conjunction with a marketing project or for the development of AAEON products and services for safety, security, or regulatory considerations and not for any reasons connected to an agreement or request, we will have used the information either with your consent or to uphold the legitimate interests of AAEON or a third party .
When you visit an AAEON website or use an associated online service, you might be offered personalized information . If you want to stop receiving personalized communications, send an email stating your request to privacy@aaeon . com . tw . The sharing of personal information AAEON is a global company, and, in accordance with the AAEON Privacy Policy, the information we collect about you might be shared with subsidiaries in countries where we conduct business .
However, such transfers of information are confined to the limits of what is strictly necessary . Please be advised that AAEON also sometimes outsources the collection, use, analysis, and processing of personal information to overseas companies . With your consent, or to help AAEON supply you or your employer with products or services, or to fulfill your requests, we may share your personal information with its partners .
In the event that AAEON acquires, sells, merges with, or restructures a business or business unit, personal information may be shared with or received from prospective or confirmed buyers, partners, and sellers . Please be advised that in accordance with judicial proceedings, court orders, or other legal processes, personal information may sometimes have to be handed over to government agencies .
If we have reasonable cause to suspect that the rights or property of AAEON or its business partners, suppliers, or clients have been or could be under threat, we may share your personal information if doing so would protect those rights or properties . The international transfer of information You understand and agree to the transfer of your information to AAEON and any of its affiliated companies, which may be based in a different country to you or your company .
You further understand and agree to the storage, use, or processing of this information by AAEON or any of its affiliated companies . The transfer, storage, and processing of your information shall be subject to the rules set out in this policy statement and any relevant laws governing the protection of privacy or the security of personal information .
Information security AAEON utilizes technical, administrative, and physical protection methods to guard against unauthorized access to, and use or disclosure of your personal information . For example, sensitive data such as credit card details are encrypted before being transferred over the Internet . AAEON also requires its suppliers to take similar precautions .
