What is the Personal Information We Collect?
We will collect and process some or all of the following personal data about you:
Information about you such as your name, date of birth, nationality, contact details including email address and telephone number, travel document, photographs and other images.
Employment information – If you are employed by one of our corporate or government clients, or travelling or obtaining products or services in relation to one of our corporate or government clients, we will collect certain information about your employment or relationship with such clients including the name of your employer, your professional title and your work contact information.
Payment details used to pay for rooms and our other products and services, such as credit or debit card numbers and expiry dates, account information and billing information.
Travel information such as your travel itinerary, hotel selection, room and other service preferences, special needs and interests, choice of tours, car rentals and other add-ons to your travel package, for example, when you book a reservation through our central reservation service, stay at any of our Group hotels, or when you modify your personal profile.
Information about your use of our products and services such as historical travel arrangements, feedback about your experiences and preferences, and images captured via CCTV in the public areas of our hotels.
We may collect and handle sensitive Personal Information, for example, when we handle requests for special medical or access assistance or specific dietary requirements which may indicate your religious beliefs. We will typically ask you for your consent when collecting and handling this type of Personal Information, unless we are otherwise permitted to process such personal data under applicable laws.
We may also enter into strategic relationships with companies outside of the Group (our "Strategic Partners") who offer products and services that may be of interest to you such as airlines, hotel partners, travel operators and travel agents. If you participate in these programs, our Strategic Partner may send us Personal Information about you as part of our strategic relationship.
We will only collect Personal Information which is relevant and necessary for specific identified purposes (please refer to the section Use of your Personal Information), and we will not use it for any other purposes without obtaining your consent.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 or minors under the age prescribed by the applicable laws. If you believe your child has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us so that we can identify and delete your child's Personal Information.