In order to purchase such Services through our Services, you will be required to provide credit/debit card and/or financial institution account information directly to the Payment Processor . Such information is not collected or stored by us . Rights of U . S . Residents This section applies if you are a resident of the State of California, Colorado or another U .
S . state that has passed a privacy law similar to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and requires specific privacy notice disclosures . For purposes of this section, references to “personal information” shall also include “sensitive personal information” as those terms are defined under the CCPA . Depending on where you live, you may have certain other rights regarding your personal information (in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Notice), including: 1 .
Notice of Information Collected and Used . We collect, use and disclose, and over the past 12 months have collected, used and disclosed the following categories of personal information as described further in this Privacy Notice under the headings "What Information We Collect", "How We Use Your Information" and "How we Share Your Information:" identifiers, personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute, commercial information, Internet and similar network activity information, geolocation information, visual and audio information that you upload to the Services, professional or employment-related information, and account access credentials .
* We only use and disclose sensitive personal information for the purposes specified in the CCPA or otherwise in line with your consent . We may disclose your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice under the heading "How We Share Your Information," but we do not "sell" or "share" your personal information, as those terms are defined in the CCPA and similar U .
S . state privacy laws, nor have we done so in the preceding 12 months . Further, we do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share personal information of California residents under 16 years of age . 2 . Right to Know Requests . You may have a right to request (i) the categories and specific pieces of personal information about you that we have collected, (ii) the categories of sources from which such information was collected, (iii) the business or commercial purposes for which such information was collected and (iv) the categories of third parties with which such information is disclosed and the business purposes for such disclosure .
3 . Right to Delete Requests . You may have a right to request that we delete personal information we maintain about you . 4 . Right to Correct Requests . You may have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you . 5 .
Right to Request Deletion of Visible Content . California residents under the age of 18 who have registered to use the Services and who posted Content that is visible to other users can request that such Content be removed from the Services .
