4 . Targeting or Advertising . These cookies and similar technologies collect information about your browsing activities in order to understand your interests for marketing purposes . We or third parties may place or recognize these on your browser when you visit certain websites for the purpose of serving you with advertisements regarding our products and services that may be of interest to you .
These may also be used for frequency capping purposes (e . g . , to ensure we do not display the same advertisement to you repeatedly) and to help us regulate the advertisements you receive and measure their effectiveness . We also use these technologies in our advertisements, email newsletters and/or other communications to collect information such as whether you clicked on an advertisement, opened our communication or clicked on any of the content contained therein .
Analytical, targeting and advertising cookies, and the User Activity Information generated from these cookies, are created, stored and/or managed by third-party service providers that provide us with web traffic analytics, sales engagement and marketing automation services, such as Google Analytics . Disabling Cookies and Similar Technologies By using the Services and allowing cookies and similar technologies to be placed by us, you consent to our use of these technologies and the User Activity Information generated from them .
You can withdraw or modify your consent by changing the settings on your browser . However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience using the Services may be diminished and some features may not work as intended . Although your browser may allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” or “opt-out preference” signal, like many websites, our website is not designed to respond to such signals, and we do not use or disclose your information in any way that would legally require us to recognize opt-out preference signals .
How We Share Your Information We may share information about you as discussed below . We do not sell your information to third parties . 1 . With Other Users . In connection with your use of certain features of the Services, such as certain sharing and/or collaboration features, we may share information about you (such as your name and email address) and your Content with such other persons, as part of your use of the Services or as otherwise directed by you through your use of relevant features .
2 . With Service Providers . We work with third parties that provide to us engine or application development and/or processing services; information systems hosting, infrastructure, maintenance, backup, storage, security, support and other information technology-related services; advertising, marketing and related analytics services; promotion, distribution, resale and support services related to our products and services; consulting and other technical and/or business services, which may require access to information about you to perform such services on our behalf .
We share your information with these service providers only for our business purposes pursuant to written contracts . Our contracts with these third-party service providers require protection of your information consistent with this Privacy Notice, and require that they retain, use and disclose your information only as necessary to provide the services in accordance with such contracts .
