Content may constitute or contain personal information, depending on the substance and how it is associated with you and your account . 2 . Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services . We collect information about you when you use our Services, including visiting and browsing our websites, using our mobile applications, and taking certain actions within the Services .
For example, we collect and log information about the features you use, your access times, pages viewed, browser type, IP address, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, URLs of referring/exit pages, and information about the computer, phone, tablet or other devices you use to access the Services, including hardware model and operating system and version .
In connection with your use of the Services, we log information related to your upload, download, processing, access and playback of media and the associated results generated by the Platform, frequently used search terms, creation of Collections and Watchlists, social interactions such as your “likes” and comments, and other actions taken .
We collect the information about you when you use the Services as described in this section above (collectively, "User Activity Information") using various technologies, including cookies, as described under the heading "How We Use Cookies" below . 3 . Information We Collect From Other Sources . If you use the Services on behalf of a company or other organization (such as your employer), we may collect information about you from such company or organization in order to establish an account for you and/or provide support or other Services to you .
We may obtain information about you from third-party partners that market and promote our Services, generate leads for us, resell our Services, or provide other services to us . We also receive information about you from login integration partners when you access the Services through a third party account such as Discord or Google .
We may also obtain information about you from other sources, including information from publicly and commercially available sources and other third parties, as permitted by law . The information we may collect from any of these other sources is generally Contact Information . How We Use Your Information We use information about you to provide the Services to you, to communicate with you in connection with your use of the Services and/or requests for information, to market and promote products, services and other offerings, to maintain, monitor and secure the Services, for legal and compliance purposes, and to develop and improve our products and services, as follows: 1 .
To Provide Services to You . We use your information, including Contact Information, User Account Information, User Activity Information, and Content, to provide Services to you, including to authenticate you when you log in to the Platform (or other Services with secured access), to configure features of the Services for you, and to operate the Services .
2 . To Communicate with You . We use your Contact Information and User Account Information to communicate with you, including in providing support through our telephone, email and chat support channels, and in responding to your requests for information, questions and comments related to Suno’s business, products and/or services .
