Opt Out From Receiving Communications . If you do not wish to receive communications from Suno that do not relate directly to your use of the Services (such as newsletters, event notifications or other marketing communications), you may opt out from receiving such communications at any time . We provide a link in all of our electronic marketing communications to allow you to easily "unsubscribe" to these communications .
You may also notify us that you do not wish to receive further communications by contacting us at privacy@suno . com . Please note that, in connection with your use of certain Services, including the Platform, we will still need to send you certain notifications that relate directly to your use of the Services, such as technical notices, updates, service notifications, security alerts, billing and administrative messages, and will need to communicate with you to provide you with support .
2 . Change Your Information . You may change or update your information with us at any time . To change or update your information, please contact us at support@suno . ai, or contact your primary Suno support representative . However, if your information has been provided to us by your employer or other company for which we have provisioned your account, updates to certain information on your account must be requested by such company .
3 . Delete Your Information . You may request that we delete your information at any time, subject to certain exceptions as discussed below . You may request to have your information deleted by contacting us by email at privacy@suno . com . We will comply with your request within a reasonable period of time; however, in certain circumstances, we may not be able or required to delete all of your information .
For example, if we have provisioned a user account for you and you intend to continue to use portions of the Services requiring access through said account, we must retain certain information in order to maintain your account and your access to the Services . We may also retain certain information if required in connection with our performance of a contract (such as a license agreement between us and your employer), if required by law or relevant to a legal proceeding, or for other compliance or auditing purposes, as permitted by law .
Please note that we may obtain information about you in the future, as discussed under the heading "Information We Collect From Other Sources," and we may not be able to recognize it as your information due to complying with a previous deletion request from you . In this case, you will need to submit a new request if you wish to have your re-added information deleted .
In addition, if we have deidentified, anonymized or aggregated data such that it no longer identifies or relates to you, we may retain and use that information for any lawful purpose . Payment Processing We utilize third-party service providers that act as resellers of, and/or payment processors for the fees payable for, licenses to certain of our Services and/or content that may be purchased through our Services (each, a "Payment Processor") .
