Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet . Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy . We have implemented the following: Remarketing with Google AdSense Google Display Network Impression Reporting Demographics and Interests Reporting We, along with third-party vendors such as Google and Facebook, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies and Facebook Pixel) to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website . 

Opting out Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page . Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on . 

Personal identifiers from your browsing activity Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our website are recorded . We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address . We also record information about the software you are using to browse our website, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution . We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the webpages on our website and how we perform in providing content to you . If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed in to our website . 

Our use of re-marketing Re-marketing involves placing a cookie on your computer when you browse our website in order to be able to serve to you an advert for our products or services when you visit some other website . We may use a third party to provide us with re-marketing services from time to time . If so, then if you have consented to our use of cookies, you may see advertisements for our products and services on other websites . 

Disclosure and sharing of your information Information we obtain from third parties Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party, we sometimes receive data that is indirectly made up from your personal information from third parties whose services we use . No such information is personally identifiable to you . 

Data may be processed outside the European Union Our websites are hosted in the US, Europe, and Taiwan . We may also use outsourced services in countries outside the European Union from time to time in other aspects of our business . Accordingly data obtained within the EU or any other country could be processed outside the European Union . For example, some of the software our website uses may have been developed in the United States of America or in Taiwan .