Use of information we collect through automated systems when you visit our website Cookies Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser when you visit any website . They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a personalized experience and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved . Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser . Others last indefinitely . Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose . It also should allow you to prevent or limit their use . 

Our website uses cookies . They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use . When you first visit our website, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies . If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their use for any other purpose . 

We use cookies in the following ways: To keep you signed in our site To record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our site while you complete them To help remember and process the items in the shopping cart To keep track of advertisements To compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site 

Third-party disclosure We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information . Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website . 

Mailchimp We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform . When subscribing to any of our newsletters on our site, users acknowledge that their information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing . Learn more about Mailchimp’s privacy practices here . Opting out Users can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails . 

Google Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles . They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users . https://support . google . com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548 ? hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website . Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site .