Research Products Safety Company English (US) Spanish (US) English (UK) Danish German Spanish (Spain) French (Canada) French (France) Hungarian Italian Japanese Korean Dutch Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Swedish Updated: November 14, 2023 Privacy policy Effective: January 31, 2024 We’ve updated our Privacy Policy below . These updates do not apply to individuals located in the European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland .
If you reside in those areas, this version of our Privacy Policy applies to you . We at OpenAI OpCo, LLC (together with our affiliates, “OpenAI”, “we”, “our” or “us”) respect your privacy and are strongly committed to keeping secure any information we obtain from you or about you .
This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to Personal Information we collect from or about you when you use our website, applications, and services (collectively, “Services”) . This Privacy Policy does not apply to content that we process on behalf of customers of our business offerings, such as our API .
Our use of that data is governed by our customer agreements covering access to and use of those offerings . For information about how we collect and use training information to develop our language models that power ChatGPT and other Services, and your choices with respect to that information, please see this help center article (opens in a new window) .
1 . Personal information we collect We collect personal information relating to you (“Personal Information”) as follows: Personal information you provide: We collect Personal Information if you create an account to use our Services or communicate with us as follows: Account Information: When you create an account with us, we will collect information associated with your account, including your name, contact information, account credentials, payment card information, and transaction history, (collectively, “Account Information”) .
User Content: When you use our Services, we collect Personal Information that is included in the input, file uploads, or feedback that you provide to our Services (“Content”) . Communication Information: If you communicate with us, we collect your name, contact information, and the contents of any messages you send (“Communication Information”) .
Social Media Information: We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, Medium, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn . When you interact with our social media pages, we will collect Personal Information that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details (collectively, “Social Information”) . In addition, the companies that host our social media pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics about our social media activity .
Other Information You Provide: We collect other information that you may provide to us, such as when you participate in our events or surveys or provide us with information to establish your identity (collectively, “Other Information You Provide” Personal information we receive automatically from your use of the Services: When you visit, use, or interact with the Services, we receive the following information about your visit, use, or interactions (“Technical Information”): Log Data: Information that your browser or device automatically sends when you use our Services .
