com . Appeals . Depending on where you live, you may have the right to appeal a decision we make relating to requests to exercise your rights under applicable local law . To appeal a decision, please send your request to dsar@openai . com . 6 . Children Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 13 .
OpenAI does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 . If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to OpenAI through the Service, please email us at legal@openai . com . We will investigate any notification and if appropriate, delete the Personal Information from our systems .
If you are 13 or older, but under 18, you must have permission from your parent or guardian to use our Services . 7 . Links to other websites The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by OpenAI, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”) .
The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy . By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites .
Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies . 8 . Security and retention We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Information both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction . However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free .
In particular, email sent to or from us may not be secure . Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or email . In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third-party websites .
We’ll retain your Personal Information for only as long as we need in order to provide our Service to you, or for other legitimate business purposes such as resolving disputes, safety and security reasons, or complying with our legal obligations . How long we retain Personal Information will depend on a number of factors, such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, our purpose for processing the information, and any legal requirements .
9 . International users By using our Service, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Information will be processed and stored in our facilities and servers in the United States and may be disclosed to our service providers and affiliates in other jurisdictions . Legal basis for processing . Our legal bases for processing your Personal Information include: Performance of a contract with you when we provide and maintain our Services .
