Log data includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interact with our Services . Usage Data: We may automatically collect information about your use of the Services, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use and the actions you take, as well as your time zone, country, the dates and times of access, user agent and version, type of computer or mobile device, and your computer connection .
Device Information: Includes name of the device, operating system, device identifiers, and browser you are using . Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings . Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Services, and improve your experience . A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit .
You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it . However, refusing a cookie may in some cases preclude you from using, or negatively affect the display or function of, a website or certain areas or features of a website .
For more details on cookies, please visit All About Cookies (opens in a new window) . Analytics: We may use a variety of online analytics products that use cookies to help us analyze how users use our Services and enhance your experience when you use the Services . 2 .
How we use personal information We may use Personal Information for the following purposes: To provide, administer, maintain and/or analyze the Services; To improve our Services and conduct research; To communicate with you; including to send you information about our Services and events; To develop new programs and services; To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Services, and to protect the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks; To carry out business transfers; and To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or other third parties .
Aggregated or de-identified information . We may aggregate or de-identify Personal Information so that it may no longer be used to identify you and use such information to analyze the effectiveness of our Services, to improve and add features to our Services, to conduct research and for other similar purposes .
In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Services and share aggregated information like general user statistics with third parties, publish such aggregated information or make such aggregated information generally available . We may collect aggregated information through the Services, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy .
We will maintain and use de-identified information in anonymous or de-identified form and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, unless required by law .
