Commercial Information, such as your transaction history We may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; and to corporate administrators of enterprise or team accounts .
Network Activity Information, such as Content and how you interact with our Services We may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; and to other users and third parties you choose to share it with .
Geolocation Data We may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; and to parties involved in Transactions . Your account login credentials and payment card information (Sensitive Personal Information) We disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions .
To the extent provided for by local law and subject to applicable exceptions, individuals may have the following privacy rights in relation to their Personal Information: The right to know information about our processing of your Personal Information, including the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected from you; The right to request deletion of your Personal Information; The right to correct your Personal Information; and The right to be free from discrimination relating to the exercise of any of your privacy rights .
We don’t “sell” Personal Information or “share” Personal Information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising (as those terms are defined under applicable local law) . We also don’t process sensitive Personal Information for the purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer . Exercising your rights . To the extent applicable under local law, you can exercise privacy rights described in this section by submitting a request through privacy .
openai . com (opens in a new window) or to dsar@openai . com . Verification . In order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, change, or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a request to know, correct, or delete Personal Information .
If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity, we may ask you to provide additional Personal Information and proof of residency for verification . If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to honor your request . Authorized agents .
You may also submit a rights request through an authorized agent . If you do so, the agent must present signed written permission to act on your behalf and you may also be required to independently verify your identity and submit proof of your residency with us . Authorized agent requests can be submitted to dsar@openai .
