If there¡¦s other legal basis of the processing, we may continue to process your personal data . (3) Stop collection, processing and use . (4) Inquiries or requests for reading . (5) Provide copies . (6) Request for supplement, correction or deletion . (7) Under the reasonable and practicable premise, transfer your personal data to the information controller of designated third party in an usable or machine-readable form .
(8) If You are the residents of the European Economic Area from within the European Union, based on the GDPR, you have the right to claim/request for restriction of processing and, to the extent possible, the right to request for transfer your personal data in an organized, generally usable or machine-readable form .
8 . Cross-border Transmission (1) Since Wiwynn is a multinational enterprise, there may be cross-border transmission and use of personal data between subsidiaries in different countries . Within the scope of not exceeding the original purpose of collecting, processing and using personal data and complying with the Policy, we will comply with this policy and the privacy and personal data protection laws and regulations applicable to the transmission area .
(2) If we transmit your personal data from within the EU to outside the European Economic Area, and the country where the recipient is has not been certified by the EU for adequacy, we will sign EU standard clauses with the recipient to protect your rights of personal data .
9 . Management Mechanism of Personal Data (1) We have incorporated privacy rights and personal data protection into the scope of internal control and risk management of the enterprise, and has formulated the "WYHQ Internal Control System" as well as various internal control cycle operation rules to carry out related operations to reduce potential risks and impacts .
(2) We adopt the zero-tolerance policy for privacy protection . If any employee violates the Policy, he or she will be punished in accordance with our relevant regulations and, depending on the severity of the case, we will seek compensation or pursue legal action in accordance with the law .
(3) In order to ensure the implementation of the privacy protection system, the legal department is responsible for the formulation of the relevant system, and the audit department will examine the implementation status of the relevant mechanism . (4) We conduct annual internal audits to verify that the measures of personal data protection and related procedures comply with relevant laws and regulations and management systems .
(5) Conduct regular training on privacy protection for all employees and keep training records . 10 . Website Cookies (1) We collect your personal data in several ways . Most of the personal data we receive comes to us voluntarily from you who are interested in obtaining products and services from us or is collected by using technology .
As you visit our website, our information technology (IT) systems may also collect passive information, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and operating system .
