Since ECS’s web pages require user authorization, cookies are not optional . Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages . ECS uses cookies to track your visit to our Website . com and log the IP / Internet address of your computer .
TYPE NAME VALUE PURPOSE EXPIRY MORE INFO session cookie 1st party ASP . NET_SessionId Predefined value Used to capture URL parameters when a lead visits a landing page When you close your web browser . AWS Signed Cookies __cfduid Predefined value To enhance website security by distinguishing between trusted users and untrusted users sharing a single IP address .
365 days MORE INFO Google analytics cookie 1st party _ga Unique number Used to count unique visitors 2 years MORE INFO Google analytics cookie 1st party _gid Unique number Use to count unique visitors per day 24 hours MORE INFO Google analytics cookie 1st party __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmt, __utmz, _gat 1 or Specific number Used to throttle requests to google analytics 1 minute MORE INFO AddToAny cookie 3rd party page_services, uuid, uvc 1 or Specific number Used to detect visitors who enable or disable their utility When you close your web browser .
MORE INFO Access Information Unless otherwise specified in applicable laws and regulations, you may exercise the following rights with regard to your Information upon written request: (i) any inquiry and request for a review of your Information; (ii) any request to make duplications of your Information; (iii) any request to supplement or correct your Information; (iv) any request to discontinue the collection, processing or use of your Information; (v) any request to delete your Information; and (vi) withdraw your consent .
ECS strives to maintain the accuracy of your Information against any accidental or malicious destruction . ECS will accommodate your requests regarding your Information; however, ECS may not be able to fulfill all your requests in the following circumstances: (i) by law; (ii) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests; (iii) to prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offences or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network; and / or (iv) to protect the rights, property, or safety of ECS, the users of the Website, or the public .
Third-party links in our Website Our Website may contain links to third-party websites . Please be aware that ECS is not responsible for the security, the privacy practices and the materials of those third - party websites . ECS encourages you to be aware of when you leave our Website, and to read the privacy statements of those third - party websites carefully .
This Policy applies to ECS Website only . Revision to Privacy Policy ECS reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time and publish on the Website after such modification . We therefore suggest you access the Website regularly to ensure that you know the latest version of Policy .
Contact ECS If you have any inquiries, questions, comments or complaints about this Policy, please feel free to contact us by using the contact information provided in “Contact Us” of the Website .
