This site uses cookies to only capture URL parameters, count visitor number, share functions and etc . Please visit ECS'sPrivacy Policyfor further information . By continue browsing our website, you are hereby aware of and agree on ECS' use of cookies by clicking"OK" OK PRODUCTS Mini PC Motherboard Laptop AIO PC Gaming PC IPC EV Charger SUPPORT Download Center Technical Support FAQ/General FAQ Laptop Product Guide INVESTOR SERVICE Financial Information Shareholders Services NEWS CENTER Press Release Event Center ABOUT ECS Introduction Awards Green ECS Contact Us ECS ESG Report Home Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Elitegroup Computer Systems Co .
, Ltd . and its affiliates (together referred to as “ECS”) take the private nature of your personal information very seriously . To comply with Personal Information Protecting Act and applicable laws, ECS frames Privacy Policy(the "Policy") and outlines what personal information we may collect, how we use and safeguard the collected personal information and with whom we may share it .
Your accessing of our website at www . ecs . com . tw (the "Website") will be deemed that you accept this Policy . If you are a minor, you shall access or use the Website only after your parents(or your guardian) read and agree our Policy . The use, access or submission of personal information to the Website by you, or if you are a minor, the submission of your personal information either by your parents (or your guardian) or by you with the permission of your parents (or guardian) to ECS will be deemed as your acceptance of this Policy .
Please read it carefully . Information Collected You do not need to provide any personal information for the use of this Website . However, there are circumstances that ECS may ask you to provide us with certain personal information for some services provided by ECS on the Website . When you submit personal information and certain information from you when use or interact with our Website(hereinafter referred to as “Information”), it constitutes your consent to the use of such Information for the purpose(s)stated below .
Information Category Information you provide to us: Product support: Your name, mailing address (including zip code), contact information, e-mail address, credit card number or other payment service information . Registration: Your e-mail address and country/region . Entering events: Your name, mailing address (including zip code), contact information, e-mail, gender, date of birth and ID number .
Information from your use of Website Device information: Such as your device model, serial number, the version and type of your operation system, IP address and other unique device identifiers . Log information: Such as the settings, activation time of your devices, the network you use to connect to our Website, the status of the network, standby status, crash history, preferred interface, type and language settings of browser, diagnose and usage data, cookies as well as your usage behavior on our Website .
Location information: Such as the version of your devices’ GPS and Wi-Fi module, signal, GPS position representation, data identifying nearby Wi - Fi access points, the time zone and local time where the device is used .
