This privacy statement describes the privacy practices of Formosa International Hotels Corporation, FIH Management Limited, together with our affiliates and subsidiaries that form the Silks Hotel Group (collectively, the “Group”) are committed to protecting your Personal Information and your privacy. This Policy explains how and why we gather, store, share and use your Personal Information, as well as sets out the options you have as to when and how you choose to share your Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information or data, recorded in any format that identifies you personally either by itself or together with other information that is made available to us.
This Cookie Policy is intended to inform you about the purpose for the use of cookies and tracking pixels when you visit our Website: https://www.silkshotelgroup.com/tw/;https://www.silksplace.com/; http://www.silks-club.com/;https://tainan.silksplace.com/;https://taroko.silksplace.com/;https://www.silksplace-yilan.com.tw/; https://www.silksspring.com/; https://www.justsleep.com.tw/; https://www.regenttaipei. com/shopping/project/; http://survey.silkshotelgroup.com/tp_fb/ and https://inline.app/groups/regenttaipei and our mobile application.
Also, this policy will inform you of your rights with regard to cookies and other tracers used by the Group. This Cookie Policy should be read in conjunction with the Privacy Policy.
Consent
This Policy forms part of the terms and conditions governing your use of our services. By using our Website, central reservation service, staying at any of our hotels, use of any of our products and/or services, or by participating in one of our programs, you are agreeing to this Policy.
When is your Personal Information Collected?
We will collect your Personal Information when you are involved in any hotel activities. For example, your Personal Information will be collected each time you reserve a room, at check-in, staying at any of our hotels and/or enjoying any of our hotel services and facilities (including partaking of any food and/or beverage at any restaurant outlets, using the spa, gym or health centres) and when making payments or providing guest comments or feedback.
In addition, we may collect your Personal Information when some internet activities are initiated. For example, at times when you visit our Websites, we may collect information through our third party service providers' use of technologies, such as pixels or other tracking tools and similar technologies. When you fill in any of our online forms (such as for online reservation or questionnaires), your information may be collected as well. Further, if you make reservations or apply for membership programs offered by the Group or our hotels, the Personal Information you provide will be automatically collected by our third party system service provider(s) due to the nature of the system’s design and operation.
Given the similar design of the systems, our advertisement service provider, business intelligence tool provider, marketing tool provider, channel manager service provider, shopping cart and restaurant questionnaire service provider, room and restaurant reservation service provider, and Google Analytics will also automatically collect your Personal Information while you visit our websites. For more information, please see Web Technologies Used to Passively Collect Information about You.
When you opt to participate in our marketing programs, your Personal Information will be collected.
For example, if you sign up for any of our loyalty programs, participate in customer surveys, take part in online games or competitions, or subscribe to newsletters, request to receive offers and promotions via email or other channels. We also obtain your information by transmissions from third parties. Such third parties include, tour operators, travel agencies (online or not), and others. We may collect Personal Information about you from other companies that have the right to share information with us.
If we receive information from a party other than yourself (such as in special programs where members of guest loyalty programs refer a friend to us), we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided. If you provide us with Personal Information about others, you should always tell those individuals and let them know that they can find a copy of this Policy at https://www.silkshotelgroup.com/tw/privacy.
For those of our customers to whom GDPR is not applicable, if we receive information from a party other than yourself (such as in special programs where members of guest loyalty programs refer a friend to us), we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided. If you provide us with Personal Information about others, you should always tell those individuals and let them know that they can find a copy of this Policy at https://www.silkshotelgroup.com/tw/privacy.