This website uses cookies to collect necessary user browsing behaviors so that we can provide you with a better browsing experience . For more information， Please review the privacy policy Disabling cookies will make it impossible to use member-related functions Agree Disable cookies About us News Product and Solutions Test service Contact us 0 Home Privacy policy Privacy policy Last updated: August 15, 2019 This Privacy and Cookies Policy is provided by FitTech Co .
, Ltd . ("FitTech ", or "we") to explain to you what personal data may be collected through the websites linked to this Policy and how such personal data may be used . If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us at service@fittech . com .
tw . This Policy applies solely to the processing of your personal data which may be collected through our websites . The Internet pages to which our external links lead are not included . Personal Data Collected We collect different categories of personal data on our websites (www . fittech .
com . tw), which may include personal and business contact information such as your name, corporate name, job title, contact number, physical and email address, and other information you have provided or is required to process a transaction, service, inquiry or request . We may not be able to fulfill a request if we do not receive the personal data required .
To enable us to provide a better user experience, we also use cookies to collect certain information concerning your use of our websites such as the IP address of the computer you are using, the type of browser software and operating system that you use, and other similar information .
Use of Personal Data Collected The personal data collected may be used to respond to your inquiries or requests such as replying to your inquiry of products, replying to your questions you submit, help us maintain and upgrade the quality of our websites and the services these websites provide, and any other use described at the point we collect the personal data .
We may disclose your personal data to third party providers (in particular, to enable them to execute certain web services for us, such as web hosting or maintenance services) . We may also share this information with FitTech’s affiliates and agents to fulfil your request for information/order . We do not sell any personally identifiable information .
We reserve the right to disclose such personal data to any other third party if we believe that we are required or permitted to do so by law, including, where applicable, (i) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests; (ii) to prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offences or attacks on the technical integrity of the web site or our network; and (iii) to protect the rights, property or safety of FitTech, the users of the website, or the public .
Use of Cookies Our websites use cookies to collect certain information concerning your use of our websites, to improve your user experience, as well as to analyze and collect statistics regarding our web traffic .
