Our websites use the following types of cookies for the purposes mentioned: Mandatory cookies created to provide better user security, or to enhance user's experience with our websites . If you do not want us to collect such information, you must cease using our website immediately . By continuing to use our website, you accept that these necessary Cookies are vital for provision of such services and will be placed on your browser as normal .
Functional cookies that allow our website to remember if you have previously visited the site or the choices you make (such as your language, region or preferences) to provide a more personalized online experience . Performance cookies that collect how a user uses our sites, for example which pages user visits, the areas you have visited, the time spent on the website .
These cookies provide analytical information so we can improve our sites' usability . One example is Google Analytics, Google AdWords . Cookies expire at various times . Most cookies expire at the time the browser is closed . Third party cookies are controlled by third party sites and the processing of this data is subject to their own privacy policies .
You can disable these cookies at any time by adjusting the settings of your browser (e . g . Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome) . Please bear in mind that disabling cookies may impact the usability of our websites . Your Rights To the extent required by applicable law, you are entitled to obtain information on the processing of your personal data, access your personal data, object to or restrict the processing of your personal data, make use of your right to data portability where applicable, and have your personal data rectified or deleted .
You are also entitled to withdraw at any time the consent that you have given with respect to the processing of your personal data . If you would like to exercise the above rights or learn more about the processing of your personal data, please contact us at service@fittech .
com . tw . We will endeavor to respond to your request(s) promptly . Retention of Your Personal Data We endeavor to retain your personal data for no longer than what is allowed under the applicable data protection laws and, in any case, for no longer than what is necessary for the purpose for which such personal data was collected or otherwise processed .
To the extent required by applicable law, we will erase personal data: when it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; when you withdraw your consent (where lawfulness of processing is based on your consent) and there is no other legal ground for the processing; when you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; when your personal data has been unlawfully processed; or when it is necessary to comply with legal obligations .
Revisions to Our Privacy and Cookies Policy FitTech reserves the right to revise this Policy from time to time .
