The following defines our information gathering and dissemination practices of the web site.
In general, you can visit us on the Internet without telling us who you are or giving us personal information. However, we may ask you to provide personal information when you, request quotes, services, support or information, place orders for products or services, participate in promotional activities, subscribe to newsletters, promotional emails or other materials, apply for a job, or any other purpose you need to contact us.
There are times when we may need information from you. We may supplement this information to complete a transaction, such as verifying your identity or processing a payment.  Separately, we may use the information you provide to tailor our services and provide you with a better experience, such as recommending relevant products or personalizing your account settings.

Information Collection
We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form. Some areas of the site may require you to actively submit information in order for you to benefit from specific features (such as newsletter subscriptions, order processing). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional.

Your Consent
By using this site, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Scope
Infortrend has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to respecting your privacy.
To the extent that the possibility of entering personal information (e-mail addresses, names, addresses) exists, then such information or data is disclosed by you on an expressly voluntary basis.

Use of Information
Personal information collected may be used to deliver the services and support, or carry out, the transactions you have requested.  We may use your information to send you product or service information only with your separate and explicit consent. We may process your data to prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities, and to protect the security or integrity of the website, our business, or our products or services. We will obtain your separate consent for any other purpose of data processing. 
The information collected will be stored and processed in Taiwan. We may transfer your data to other countries, including [List of countries], where Infortrend or its corporate affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. These transfers are subject to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses or binding corporate rules, to ensure the protection of your personal data. You have the right to object to these transfers if they are not essential to the service.
We may share your personal information with our corporate affiliates [List of affiliates and their purpose for processing] to carry out transactions you request or to provide you with a more responsive service. We will obtain your separate consent before sharing your data with affiliates for their own marketing purposes.

Cookies
The website is designed so that personal information is only collected when it is explicitly requested. Some examples of when we request personal information, such as names, business addresses and email addresses are when literature or further sales information is requested. Once you have chosen to provide any personal information, this may be used by Infortrend or our selected business partners in support of your business relationship with us.
There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. 
We may also need to disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action, if required by law or regulation. Infortrend will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. Except as described below, we will not share your personal information with third parties except in responding to or fulfilling your requests for products or services, as required to complete transactions with you or as required by law or legal process. The use and processing of personal information are performed in accordance with applicable and relevant data protection laws and this Privacy Policy.

A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some Infortrend pages may use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. Cookies may collect data such as [List of data collected by cookies] for the purpose of [Purpose of data collection]. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. However, by not accepting cookies you may not be allowed to access certain information.

Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Infortrend will inform you of any significant changes to this Privacy Policy via email or prominent notices on our website.
We will provide you with clear and timely notice regarding any material changes to this Privacy Policy, allowing you a reasonable timeframe to exercise your rights before the changes take effect.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, would like to stop receiving information from Infortrend, or would like to correct or update information provided to Infortrend, please contact us by sending an email to privacy@infortrend.com.
Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.

Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other web sites. Please be aware that Infortrend is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to keep that in mind when they leave this site to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personal identifiable information.

Changes to This Statement
If there are changes or additions to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior to implementing the changes as such.    
    
