3 . Data Protection (1) The host of this website is equipped with firewalls, anti-virus systems and other related information security equipment and necessary security protection measures . To protect the website and your personal data, strict protection measures are adopted . Only authorized personnel can access your personal information .
The relevant processing personnel have signed the Non-disclosure agreements . Anyone who violates the confidentiality will be subject to relevant legal sanctions . (2) If any service is provided by a third party appointed by the Website for the need of its business, the Website will also request the third party to strictly comply with confidentiality obligations and will conduct the necessary inspection procedure to ensure its compliance with the obligations .
4 . External Links Pages in this Website may contain links to other websites . You may click these links to enter other websites . However, this Privacy Policy is not applicable to linked websites outside of this Website's domain . Please refer to the privacy policy of the linked website .
5 . Third-Party Data Sharing Policy This Website will not provide, trade, lease, or sell your personal information to other persons, organizations, private corporations, or government agencies, except when required by law or contractual obligations . Exceptions to the above item include but are not limited to cases where: (1) You provide written permission to share your information .
(2) Sharing is required by law . (3) Sharing is necessary to prevent danger to your life, your body, your freedom, or your property . (4) When cooperating with government agencies or academic institutions, sharing is required by them for data analysis or academic research, and the information has been processed by the provider or collector to make the identification of specific parties impossible .
(5) When your conduct on the Website violates any of the service terms or may probably damage or obstruct the rights or interests of the Website or any user or cause any damage to any person, based on the review by the management unit of the Website, disclosing your personal information is necessary for identification, connection or taking any legal action .
(6) Sharing is beneficial to your interests . (7) When this Website entrusts outside parties with the task of collecting, processing, or using your personal information, we will supervise said parties responsibly as they complete their tasks . 6 . Use of Cookies To provide better services, this Website will store and access cookies on your computer .
If you do not wish to accept cookies, you may adjust your browser's privacy settings to reject them . However, this may make it impossible for you to access some of the services provided by this Website . 7 . Revisions to this Policy This Policy will be revised as needed .
Revisions will be posted on this Website . In order to enhance the functionality of this website, we will transmit cookies on your device . When you continue to browse this website, we will consider that you have agreed to the use of cookies, see Privacy Policy for details .
