Contact Sales Log in Sign up Zapier Privacy Statement Update Notice: This Zapier Privacy Statement is posted on September 1, 2023, and is effective October 1, 2023 . Your continued use of the Site and Services automatically constitutes your acceptance of this updated Statement . You may review the prior version of the Zapier Privacy Statement here .
This updated Zapier Privacy Statement completely replaces all previous versions . Supplemental Privacy Statements Zapier Services California Privacy Rights European Privacy Rights Applicant Privacy Statement Cookie Notice What this Statement Covers This Zapier Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) describes how Zapier, Inc . and our affiliated entities collect, use, process, and share your personally identifiable information .
This Statement describes your choices regarding any applicable rights of access, deletion, and correction of your personal information . Where we refer to “information” in this Privacy Statement, it means any information that relates to an identified person . This Privacy Statement applies to zapier . com, community . zapier .
com and experts . zapier . com/, and any other website that links to this Statement (the “Site”) . This Privacy Statement also applies to the information that we collect through the services we offer or our developer programs (the Zapier developer platform and the Zapier services, we refer to as “Services”), communities, through marketing and customer engagement, branded social media pages .
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the information we collect about employees (our employment policies apply) or job applicants (our Applicant Privacy Statement applies) . This Privacy Statement also does not apply to information collected by third parties, like third-party websites, social media platforms or accounts, third-party service providers, or other third-party services or applications that integrate with our Services .
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to any information that is not personally identifiable, like aggregated or anonymous information . We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time and provide notice to you as described below in the section titled “Notice of Changes . ” Our Services are not directed at children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 16 .
If you are under the age of 16, you may not use the Services or provide your information to us through the Site or otherwise . If you are a citizen of Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or a country in the European Economic Area, we describe additional rights you may have in the European Privacy Rights statement .
If you are a California resident, we describe additional rights you may have in the California Privacy Rights statement . Personal Information We Collect We collect or receive information in the ways we describe in this section . Categories of Information We Collect Information You Provide Us When You Create an Account Content or Information You Provide in the Services Content You Provide Through Our Site Support Channels or Communities Marketing Information Partner Program Payment Processing Information Technical, Device, and Connection Information Cookies and Other Tracking Technology Other Information Sources Information You Provide Us: When you sign up to create an account in the Service, download content from the Site, fill out a form or survey or respond to communications, you provide us with information like your name, email address, address, company, phone number or other information .
