When you engage with our support team, in addition to your account information, we may ask you to provide additional information about your issue, which may include information about your technology, software, internet connection, or screenshots . To submit information to a community site, we may require you to create an account within the community (we will collect your account registration information like name, email, company, address, and phone number) .
If you have an account in the Services, we will associate your community membership and activities with your Services account . As a community member, you and other members may submit questions, provide answers, engage with members through chat or comments, create content or webinars to share with the community, or solicit feedback or help from other community members .
Marketing Information: We receive information about you directly from you when you engage with the Site and automatically when you engage with the Site or open or click the emails we send you (See Information You Provide Us and Cookies and Other Tracking Technology) . We receive information from third-party sources like lead generation providers, content sponsors, event sponsors, or social media platforms .
The information we collect from third-party sources may include marketing or demographic information, contact information (name, email, company, address, job title), information about your profile on those platforms, or information about purchasing intent . We may combine this information with the information we collect . Partner Programs: We have several partner programs that we make available: our developer platform program (which allows third-party application providers to build integrations to Zapier) and our expert program (which connects experts who help our customers set up and use the Services) .
Partners may also help us to market and promote our Services, generate leads, or they may resell our Services . We may add partner programs in the future . Through partner programs, we collect account registration information (like name, email address, company, and phone number), information about an individual’s technical skill set, comments, questions or feedback, rating or ranking information, images, content, or other information you provide .
We may also receive information from our partners (like business contact information, address, job title, email address, or phone number) . We will combine the information you provide and the information we receive with your account information . Payment Processing Information: When you create a paid account within the Services or otherwise initiate a transaction with us, we will use a third-party payment processor to process the payment .
We do not collect your credit card number, expiration date, or pin number . The transaction details we retain are those details that allow us to verify that you paid for the Services or transaction, including price, currency, date of payment, payment method, name, and account name . We will combine that information with your account information .
Technical, Device, and Connection Information: When you use the Services or interact with our Site, we automatically collect information about the device you use to access the Site or Services .
