EU-US Data Privacy Framework Zapier complies with the EU-U . S . Data Privacy Framework (EU-U . S . DPF), the Swiss-U . S . Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U . S . DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U . S . DPF (the UK Extension) as set forth by the U .
S . Department of Commerce . The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zapier’s compliance with the EU-U . S . DPF, the Swiss-U . S . DPF, and the UK Extension . Zapier has certified to the U . S . Department of Commerce that it adheres to: (1) the EU-U .
S . Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U . S . DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U . S . DPF; 2) the Swiss-U . S . Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U . S . DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U .
S . DPF; and (3) the UK Extension with regard to the processing of personal data received from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension . If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U . S . DPF Principles, the Swiss-U .
S . DPF Principles or the UK Extension, the Principles shall govern . To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www . dataprivacyframework . gov/ In cases of onward transfer of personal information to third parties of data of EU, Swiss and UK individuals received pursuant to the EU-U .
S . DPF, the Swiss-U . S DPF and the UK Extension, and in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principals, Zapier will remain liable . Dispute Resolution You may direct any questions or complaints about this Privacy Statement to us by contacting us through the channels indicated below .
Any disputes arising out of or related to this Privacy Statement will be handled in accordance with the dispute resolution process indicated in your contract with Zapier that refers to this Privacy Statement, if applicable . In the case of our customers or their users, that means our Terms of Service or users of our developer platform, the Zapier Platform Agreement .
In the case of visitors to the Site, that means our Website Terms of Use . In compliance with the EU-U . S . DPF, the Swiss-U . S . DPF, and the UK Extension, Zapier commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U .
S . DPF, the Swiss-U . S . DPF and the UK Extension to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States . If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www .
