When you interact with our branded social media sites, the social media platform automatically collects information and provides it to us . This information includes information that identifies you and connection type, settings, operating system, browser type, internet protocol (IP) address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data .
Cookies and Other Tracking Technology: We use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other tracking technology on the Site and in the Services to provide functionality, personalize your experience and recognize you across services or devices . This information includes IP addresses, location, device type, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, click data, device-identifying data .
We may combine this automatically collected information with other information that you provide us through other channels . You can learn more about our cookies in the Cookie Notice statement . When you interact with our social media sites, the social media platform automatically collects information and provides it to us .
Other Information Sources: We receive information about you from other sources like third-party service providers, public databases, and our business and channel partners . This information may include business contact information, address, job title, email address, phone number . We may combine this information with information we collect through other means .
How We Use Personal Information We Collect We use the information we collect for the following purposes: to provide and support the Services, to improve the Services, to provide, support, and improve the Site, our partner programs, or communities, to process your requests, to process your payments or transactions, to provide you with information about our products and services, to combine information about you with other information we receive from third parties, to tailor the content or information that we provide to you, to protect the integrity or security of our business, the Site, Services, or third-party applications, or we may also use your information to: carry out our obligations, enforce our rights, comply with any legal obligation (including assisting our customer to comply with their legal obligations), where it is necessary for our legitimate interests, or to fulfill any other purpose for which you provided the information .
How We Share Personal Information We may share information when one of the following circumstances applies: With your Consent: We may share your information with companies, organizations, and other third parties with your consent or to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information . With our Partners: We may share information with our partners (including resellers, referral, integration partners, experts in our community, or developer platform partners) for the purposes of the partnership agreement or to enable our partner programs .
To Provide the Services, Partner Programs, or Communities: We may share your information with your teammates, account administrators, billing, or technical account users . We will also share your information with third-party applications (at your direction or the direction of an account owner) when an account holder uses the Services .
To deliver the Site, Services, partner programs, or communities, we may share your information with our service providers .
