If you participate in our partner programs or communities, we may share your information with other partners, community members, customers, or other users (like when you comment or share information, rate an expert, or express interest in a partner integration) . For Business Purposes: We provide information to vendors and services providers to help us provide the Site, Services, partner programs and communities, and for our business purposes .
Examples of our service providers include hosting or infrastructure providers, chat widgets, helpdesk ticket providers, website hosts, customer relationship management providers, email providers, collaboration tools, and other service providers . To Market our Services or Partner Programs: We may share information that you provide us with third-party service providers who help us market our Services or our partner programs .
These service providers may provide virtual or live events, email marketing tools, sales engagement, or lead generation tools . For Corporate Transactions: We may share personal data with actual or prospective acquirers, their representatives, and other relevant participants in, or during negotiations of, any sale, merger, acquisition, restructuring, divestiture, or change in control involving all or a portion of our business or assets, including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings .
If we undergo a sale or corporate restructure, we may disclose information to a buyer or other successor in interest . For Legal Reasons: We may share your information if we believe that it is necessary to comply with any court order, law, legal obligation, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request .
We may share your information if we believe that it is necessary to enforce our rights (including, without limitation, our rights under the Terms of Service, Terms of Use, Acceptable Use Statement, or the Zapier Platform Agreement), or the rights of our customers, or users . We may share your information if we believe that it is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights or safety or the rights or safety of our customers, other users, partners, or service providers .
With Third-Party Widgets: If you click on a widget or social media feature, like the Twitter “tweet” button or Facebook “like” button, these widgets will share information with the widget provider (like IP address, the which page you are visiting on the Services and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function correctly) .
Your Choices - Opting Out, Correcting or Accessing Your Information Automatically Collected Information: There are various resources available to you to manage cookies . In most modern browsers, you can block or delete cookies by clicking Settings > Privacy > Cookies . Instructions for blocking or deleting cookies in other browsers may be available in each browser’s privacy or help documentation .
You can also disable or delete the stored data used by technology similar to cookies, such as Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies, by managing your browser’s “add-on settings” or visiting the website of its manufacturer . To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies are used and stored and how to manage and delete them, visit www .
