(4) The mandatory time period for fulfilling legal purposes under the policy . 14 . Data Subject Rights According to applicable Personal Data protection laws, you may request the following rights to UMC: (1) Review your Personal Data . (2) Request UMC to provide duplicates of your Personal Data .
(3) Request to supplement or correct your Personal Data . (4) Transfer your Personal Data to other Personal Data controllers under reasonable and feasible measures . (5) In light of the compliance of applicable laws, you have the right to object to a third party who processes your Personal Data on behalf of UMC .
(6) Request to opt-out, including the following rights: Withdrawing your consent to process your Personal Data: please note that the withdrawal of your consent will not affect the legality of UMC's processing of your Personal Data based on your prior consent . If the processing of your Personal Data has other legal standings, UMC may continue to process your Personal Data .
Refusal of providing your Personal Data . However, please note that if you refuse to provide your Personal Data, UMC may not be able to provide you our products or services in complete . Stop Collecting your Personal Data . Restrict the Processing of your Personal Data . Request to delete your Personal Data .
If you intend to exercise the above rights or have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact UMC in accordance with the contact information in Article 17 of this policy . However, please note that you need to provide your identification in order to exercise the above rights .
You may appeal to the competent authority for the data processing by UMC . 15 . Cookies and other similar technologies When you visit our website or log in systems, we may set cookies on your device or read the cookies which are on your device based on legal requirements or your clear consent .
We may use cookies to record certain information or record your preferences and browsing intents . We will use cookies and other similar technologies to process your Personal Data in accordance with cookie policy . For any details, please refer to our Cookie Policy 。 16 . Direct marketing UMC may use your e-mail and other Personal Data to provide you information that may be of interest to you, including but not limited to business sustainability and corporate social responsibility .
When UMC provides you with the foregoing information, UMC may use the contact information provided by you . You can unsubscribe at any time via the emails sent to UMC . After canceling the subscription, UMC will no longer send unsubscribed information to you . 17 . Contact information If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact UMC at: United Microelectronics Corporation Company address: No .
3, Li-Hsin Rd . 2, Hsin-Chu Science Park, Hsin-Chu City, Taiwan, R . O . C . Telephone: 03-5782258 Email: z_website_privacyadmin@umc . com Data Privacy Request Form 18 .
