Markets Technologies Investors Sustainability English Privacy Policy The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain how United Microelectronics Corporation (hereinafter referred to as "UMC") collects and processes (hereinafter referred to as” Process” or “Processing”) your Personal Data . In order to respond to the legal changes and the needs of UMC's business execution, UMC will modify this policy from time to time .
It is recommended that you read this policy carefully and check this website regularly to keep you informed of the updates . 1 . Applicable Data Subject This policy applies to: (1) employees of UMC’S customers, suppliers, and contractors; (2) users of UMC's products or services; (3) visitors to UMC's website or UMC offices or sites; (4) jobs applicants of UMC .
hereinafter referred to as "you" . 2 . Collection of Personal Data UMC may collect your Personal Data from the following sources: (1) Data provided by your initiatives: you contact UMC via e-mail or telephone, or provide your personal data to apply for job vacancies in UMC . (2) UMC obtains in business or from business cooperation: UMC obtains your personal data directly from you in business contacts or activities .
UMC may obtain your personal data because of cooperation in research and development, business interactions, retaining you as a consultant, lecturer of UMC, or you’re the contact windows for the aforementioned business cooperation . (3) Your self-disclosure: UMC may obtain your personal data related to UMC contents in social medias .
(4) Personal Data obtained in UMC website: UMC may obtain your personal data from your registrations or browsing of UMC’ website and/or systems wherein . (5) Personal Data provided by Third party: UMC may obtain your personal data from credit reference agencies, law enforcement agencies, or plugins and cookies by a third party .
3 . Categories of Personal Data UMC Processes (the following types are collectively referred to as "Personal Data") (1) General Personal Data Personal information: name, alias, photo, ID number, passport number, gender, date of birth, age, nationality, ethnic, and financial information . Contact information: contact address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail information, social media accounts etc .
If you interact with UMC as an employee of a company, it may contain your name, job title, photo, company phone number, and company email address . Expertise and social information: educational background, research field, languages, professional skills or expertise, employment records, current occupation, qualifications, certifications, work experience, membership of various trade unions or associations, and relationship with other individuals or institutions .
Your consents record: your written consents, the date and time of consents, the consents formats etc . Information related to UMC’s website: device types, operating systems, browser types, browser settings, IP addresses, language settings, dates and times of connecting to a Site, user name, password, encryption login, usage data etc .
Perspectives and opinions: any views or opinions that you give your feedback to UMC, or your views or opinions regarding UMC posted on social media platforms .
