For California Residents California Consumer Privacy Act (hereinafter “CCPA”) 2018, Civil Code sections 1798 . 100 et seq . is aim to facilitate consumers’ privacy protection . CCPA is applied to personal data which is collected from California residents and consumers . Personal data defined under CCPA is limited to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household .
Personal data does not include: (1) publicly available information that is lawfully made available from federal, state or local government records; (2) consumer information that is de-identified or aggregate consumer information; (3) other information excluded from the CCPA's scope as set forth in the Act . YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES: (1) Right to review and Portable right California residents have the right to request that UMC discloses the categories and specific pieces of personal information that UMC have collected, used, or sold .
Furthermore, California residents have the right to request that UMC provides a copy of your Personal Data . (2) Right to delete California residents have the right to request that UMC delete any personal information . However, UMC may retain Personal Data under the CCPA or other applicable laws if it is necessary, such as: to provide our services or to perform a contract between you and UMC; to protect our business and systems from fraudulent or illegal activity; to debug, identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; for UMC or others to exercise free speech or other rights; for scientific, historical or statistic research in public interest aspect; for our internal sole use that are reasonable based on your relationship with us; or to comply with legal obligation .
(3) Right not to sell California residents may opt out of the sale of their Personal Data . However, UMC does not "sell" your Personal Data as UMC understands that term to be defined by the CCPA and its implementing regulations . (4) Right not to discriminate California residents may not be discriminated against for exercising their CCPA rights .
UMC will not “discriminate” against you for exercising your CCPA rights as UMC understands that term to be defined by the CCPA and its implementing regulations . You can submit your request through an email . UMC may provide personal information to a consumer at any time, but shall not be required to provide personal information to a consumer more than twice in a 12-month period .
E-Mail address: z_website_privacyadmin@umc . com Data Privacy Request Form The information disclosed by UMC will only cover the time range of 12 months from the time UMC receives your consumer request to be verified; if UMC cannot meet your request, UMC will also reply and explain why . For security purposes, when exercising your California privacy rights, UMC may request additional information to verify your identity to reasonably confirm that you are the owner or a legally authorized agent of your personal data .
