providing your personal data to third party for maintaining and updating your contact information . UMC cooperates with law enforcement in investigation and prevention of criminal crimes . submitting, collecting, reviewing documents, or rendering facts finding, evidence and witness statements which may incorporate your personal data in legal proceedings .
sharing your personal data with a third party where prior consents have been gained according to “Article 8 . The parties UMC may share your personal data” in the policy . 6 . Cross-border transfer of Personal Data Due to the transnational nature of the company's business and services, UMC may transmit your personal data amongst UMC group companies including Taiwan, the United States, Japan, South Korea, Netherlands, Singapore or other places where the company has business operation, in light of the content of Article 4 of this policy .
These countries may have different legal regulations and requirements for personal data protection . If UMC transmits your personal data from the European Economic Area (hereinafter “EEA”) to a country outside of EEA, in which the country has not obtained the EU adequacy decision, UMC will sign an EU standard contractual clause with the recipient .
You may request UMC to provide standard contractual clause for your reference in accordance with the contact information listed in Article 17 of this policy . Please note that when you directly transfer your personal data to our affiliated companies outside the EEA, we cannot be held responsible for the transfer thereof .
7 . Protection of minors UMC’s services and products are aimed at adults who meet the legal requirements, not minors . If you are a minor under the laws of your country, you can only use the company's services or products under the supervision of a parent or guardian .
The company does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13 . If the Company discovers that the Company has inadvertently collected personal data from children under the age of 13, the Company will delete such information as required by law . 8 . The parties UMC may share your personal data (1) UMC may share your personal data with: You and the agent appointed by you .
The judiciary authorities, UMC shares your personal data in accordance with legal requirements, or to report any illegal or suspected illegal behavior Accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other professionals who have confidentiality agreements with UMC and provide consulting service to UMC . In accordance with the provisions of this policy, UMC may provide your personal data to payment service agencies, freight companies and other global service providers .
When necessary to assert, exercise or defend legal rights, or to prevent, investigate, prosecute, or enforce criminal penalties, UMC may provide your personal data to relevant parties, competent authorities, government units, and law enforcement agencies or court . If UMC sells or transfers all or part of its business or assets, or undergoes reorganization, dissolution or liquidation, it may provide your personal data to the buyer or transferee of the transaction .
