Radiant Opto-Electronics Corporation (hereinafter referred to as “ROE") respects your privacy, and wishes to let you know how ROE collects, processes, or uses the personal data provided by the corporate sustainability website of ROE (hereinafter referred to as “this website”) through this privacy policy.  **“Personal data”** in this policy is defined as any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. If you do not provide your personal data voluntarily, ROE will not collect your personal data through this website. This privacy policy only applies to the personal data collected by ROE through this website. When you enter personal data on this website, browse through, or use the information on this website, you agree that ROE can collect, process, or use your personal data in accordance with the methods specified in this privacy policy and applicable data protection laws. If you do not agree to the statements below, please close this website immediately.
  Basic Personal Information Collection
In this privacy policy, personal data refers to personally identifiable information, such as name, phone number, email, and other information that can be used for contact or identification. When you use relevant services on this website, this website may request to keep your true personal data, in order to provide faster and high-quality information and services. The legal basis for processing this data is your consent, which you provide by voluntarily submitting your information. ROE will retain this data only for as long as necessary to provide the requested services or until you withdraw your consent. When you are simply browsing through this website and downloading files, ROE will not collect any information related to your personal identity. 

In addition, when you are using this website, our server will keep relevant records automatically, such as IP address or use time.  This data is collected for the legitimate interest of ROE to ensure the security and stability of the website.  This data is retained for [insert retention period].  ROE may compile such records as anonymized data for research. Basic Personal Information Collection, Processing, or Use
ROE will store and maintain the personal data you provide voluntarily to maintain the communication between you and ROE, such as sending information, newsletters, or e-mails, until you raise a request to ROE for the termination of the storage directly or until the law requires termination of the storage of said information. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.  You also have the right to object to processing of your data where the lawful basis is legitimate interests.  Without prior consent, ROE will never disclose, sell, or give your personal information to other irrelevant organizations for marketing or sales.  ROE may share your data with third party service providers who assist us in providing and managing this website.  These third parties are obligated to protect your data. If ROE has to provide your basic personal information in accordance with the law or after receiving court or government orders, subpoenas, search warrants, or to cooperate with the police in investigation, or to protect the rights and interest of ROE, it will provide relevant information in accordance with the law.
  Cookie Use
To protect user privacy, this website does not use the cookie function. It is advised that you adjust your browser’s cookie function to protect your own rights and interest.Change Statement
ROE reserves the right to add, revise, or delete this “Privacy Policy” at any time. Material changes to this privacy policy will be communicated to you in advance by [insert method of communication, e.g., email or website notification].  ROE shall indicate the last update date on the page of the Privacy Policy of this website. It is advised that you check the date each time before browsing through this website.
ESG Management
Focus
News
Foundation
Downloads
Radiant Website Contact Us Facebook Site Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Copyright © Radiant Opto-Electronics Corporation, All Rights Reserved.  The data controller of this website is Radiant Opto-Electronics Corporation.  You can contact us at [insert contact information]. Designed by 好視設計    
