Privacy Policy At Groundhog Technologies / Groundhog Inc . , accessible from https://www . ghtinc . com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors . This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Groundhog Technologies / Groundhog Inc . and how we use it .
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us . This Privacy Policy applies to our online activities and offline data processing activities, where applicable. It is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Groundhog Technologies / Groundhog Inc . This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect from other sources. 
Consent By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms . Information we collect The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information .
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide . How we use your information We use the information we collect in various ways, including to: Provide, operate, and maintain our website Improve, personalize, and expand our website Understand and analyze how you use our website Develop new products, services, features, and functionality Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes Send you emails Find and prevent fraud Log Files Groundhog Technologies / Groundhog Inc .
follows a standard procedure of using log files . These files log visitors when they visit websites . All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics . The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks .
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. We implement measures to ensure that log files are not used to identify individuals, even when combined with other data. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information . Cookies and Web Beacons Like any other website, Groundhog Technologies / Groundhog Inc . uses ‘cookies’ .
These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited . The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information . Advertising Partners Privacy Policies We will provide you with clear and accessible information about each third-party advertising partner, their data processing purposes, and the legal basis for processing your data. 
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on https://www . ghtinc . com/, which are sent directly to users’ browser . They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs .
These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit . Note that Groundhog Technologies / Groundhog Inc . has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers .
Third Party Privacy Policies Groundhog Technologies’ Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites . Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information . It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options .
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options . To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites . What Are Cookies ? CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information) Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to: Request that a business that collects a consumer’s personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers .
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected . Request that a business that sells a consumer’s personal data, not sell the consumer’s personal data . If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you . If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us .
GDPR Data Protection Rights We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights . Every user is entitled to the following: The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data . The first copy will be provided free of charge. We may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs for any further copies requested. 
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate . You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete . The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions .
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions . The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions . The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions .
    

