By using the Service, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to IFTTT in the U . S . and will be hosted on U . S . servers, and you authorize IFTTT to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U .
S . , and possibly other countries . What If You Have Questions Regarding Your Personal Data ? If you have any questions about this section or our data practices generally, please contact us using the following information: Name: IFTTT, Inc . Mailing address: 2261 Market Street #4383, San Francisco, CA 94114, Attn: Legal .
Designated EU representative and contact information: DP-Dock GmbH Ballindamm 39 20095 Hamburg Germany Email: IFTTT@gdpr-rep . com Tel: +49 (0) 40 99999 - 3430 Fax: +49 (0) 40 99999 - 3332 www . dp-dock . com Designated UK representative and contact information: DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd . Attn: IFTTT Inc .
16 Great Queen Street Covent Garden London WC2B 5AH United Kingdom Email: IFTTT@gdpr-rep . com www . dp-dock . com Terms of Use As of September 8, 2020 Please read these terms carefully before using the services offered by IFTTT Inc . ("IFTTT") . By using the website ifttt .
com or other features, services, products, or applications offered by IFTTT (collectively, the "Service"), you (hereafter “User” or “you”) agree to be bound by these terms of use (the "Terms") . If you don’t agree with these new Terms, you are free to reject them; unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Service .
If you use the Service in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes . Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and us .
The individual who accepts these terms and conditions, must be of a legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you’ve received your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Service and gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf) . If you’re agreeing to these Terms on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on that organization or entity’s behalf and bind them to these Terms (in which case, the references to “you” and “your” in these Terms, except for in this sentence, refer to that organization or entity) .
You hereby certify you are legally permitted to use the Service, and take full responsibility for the selection, access, and use of the Service . These Terms are void where prohibited by law, and the right to access and use the Service is revoked in such jurisdictions . We are constantly trying to improve our Service, so these Terms may need to change along with the Service .
