We reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will bring it to your attention by placing a notice on ifttt . com website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means . 1 . The Service What are the basics of using the Service ?
You may be required to sign up for an account, and select a password and user name (“IFTTT User ID”) . As a condition to using the Service or in order to create certain statements through the Service, you may be required to supply IFTTT with certain registration information, including a valid email address, registration information for mobile phones, other mobile devices, or third-party sites or services you access through IFTTT .
You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself . You may not (i) select or use as your username a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) use as your username a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use as your username a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene .
IFTTT reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a username in its discretion . You shall not use another user's account or any other person's registration information for the Service, any other mobile phones or other mobile devices, or any third party services you access through the Service, without that person's permission .
Your right to use the Service continues until it is terminated by either party . You may terminate by discontinuing use of the Service . IFTTT may terminate at any time for any reason . Your use terminates automatically if (i) you violate any term of these Terms, (ii) IFTTT publicly posts a written notice of termination on the Service, (iii) IFTTT sends a written notice of termination to you, or (iv) IFTTT ceases providing access to the Service to you .
IFTTT will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Service is available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week . However, there will be occasions when the Service will be interrupted for maintenance, upgrades and emergency repairs . Every reasonable step will be taken by IFTTT to minimize such disruption where it is within IFTTT's reasonable control .
You agree that IFTTT will not be liable in any event to you or any other party for any suspension, modification, discontinuance or lack of availability of the Service . You shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Service, including, without limitation, mobile phones, modems, hardware, software, data plans, and long distance or local telephone service .
You shall be responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Service . What are my rights in the Service ? The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Service, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations, User Submissions (defined below), and so forth (all of the foregoing, the “Content”) are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws .
