One such service may include the ability for you to automatically transmit Third Party Account Information to your Services profile or to automatically transmit information in your Services profile to your third party account . In order for you to take full advantage of the Service, you must provide registration information, including an e-mail address and password .
We may also request demographic information and unique identifiers in order to provide you with a more personalized service, but this information is optional . Once you register for the Service, create Applets, and/or give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us . Usernames and links to public accounts are only shown on your profile with your consent .
You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to register for the Service or create any Applets . Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, and efficient experience . We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose .
IFTTT does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties without your explicit consent . IFTTT may disclose information it has collected from you and/or that you have made available through the Service when it believes in good faith that the law or legal process requires it, or when it is necessary to do so to protect the rights or property of IFTTT or others .
You are responsible for managing the flow of your private information from one third party Platform Service to another . If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, that information becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others and redistributed through the internet and other media channels .
For example, if you push a private post on Facebook to a public blog, the private post will no longer be private . You may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return . Is My Information Secure ? We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access .
We use industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software to protect the security of your personal information during transmission, which encrypts all of the information you input . All personal information collected from other Platform Services that you provide through the use of the Service is stored securely . Only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to it .
All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices . Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy . By way of example, we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications .
