Please read this Privacy Policy to learn more about the ways in which IFTTT uses and protects your personal information . By using the Service you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree to the terms, please do not use the Service or access our Site .
The IFTTT Service is not intended for use by children . If you are under 18, you may use the Service only with involvement of a parent or guardian . We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 . If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us .
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible . If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us personal information, please contact us using this form and use the report abuse category .
Information We Collect Automatically Browsing the Site does not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us . In general, IFTTT will gather some generic information automatically . This generic information may include the internet address assigned to your computer, the number and frequency of visitors to the Site, the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the Site or not), and your computer browser information .
Generic information does not reveal the identity of the visitor . This type of aggregate data may enable us to figure out how often users use parts of the Service, help us determine customer service and Site needs, and do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community .
IFTTT may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in a manner that would identify you personally . As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information, not information about you personally, to our partners about how our users, collectively, use our Service .
We use analytics to help analyze how our users use the Services . Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information such as how often our users visit the Services, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Services . We may use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve our Services or to send you promotional messages about our Services .
Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Services, but not your name or other personally identifying information . We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with any personally identifying information .
