You need to work to protect against unauthorized access to your passwords and to your computer by signing off once you have finished using a shared computer . You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password . Therefore we recommend that you do not disclose your password to any third parties .
If you choose to share your User ID and password or your personal information with third parties, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account and therefore you should review that third party's privacy policy . If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf such as if someone used your User and ID password to forward libelous material through the Service .
Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password . What about Cookies ? When you visit the Site, we may send one or more "cookies" to your computer hard drive through your Web browser . A cookie is a small file containing a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns .
Any use of cookies by us will be solely for the purposes of improving the quality of access to the Site by storing user preferences, and tracking user trends, such as how people use the Site, and their Site access preferences . Cookies tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people .
We use cookies to allow you to enter your login information less frequently . To the extent IFTTT uses cookies, such cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your username or e-mail address is .
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password or login information more frequently . IFTTT visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Site .
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . We recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because deleting cookies may reduce the functionality of IFTTT . We do not control the use of cookies by third parties .
Will IFTTT Share Any of the Information it Receives with Other Entities ? We may use third party service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of our business and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these service providers .
