com . What Rights Do You Have Regarding Your Personal Data ? You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below . For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email IFTTT@gdpr-rep . com . Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision .
In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request . Access: You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data .
You can also access certain of your Personal Data by choosing to export your data . Rectification: If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data . You can also correct some of this information directly by editing your Account Settings .
You can correct some of this information directly by editing your Applets or Platform Services . Erasure: You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems . Withdrawal of Consent: If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time .
Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Service .
Portability: You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format . You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible . Objection: You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes .
Restriction of Processing: You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data . Right to File Complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint about IFTTT’s practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State . Transfers of Personal Data: The Service is hosted and operated in the United States (“U .
S . ”) through IFTTT and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U . S . , laws in the U . S . may differ from the laws where you reside .
