These service providers are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced IFTTT related operation, unless you have given your prior permission to them for additional uses .
We may share our data, including personal information about you with our partners and joint ventures in furtherance of our business . To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users .
Our partners and joint ventures follow privacy practices no less protective of all users than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law . In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets . In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred .
Moreover, if IFTTT, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that IFTTT goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that may be transferred to or acquired by a third party . You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of IFTTT may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy .
IFTTT cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws and intellectual property rights . Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, and email address .
We will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity .
This Privacy Policy applies to the IFTTT Service only . We do not exercise control over any sites that you may visit from a link on our Site . These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you .
Since IFTTT does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party . We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others . We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners .
We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience .
