Finally, you understand and agree that IFTTT, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Service to our users (including you), may need to make changes to your User Submissions to conform and adapt those User Submissions to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so .
Support IFTTT may elect to provide you with support or modifications for the Service (collectively, "Support"), in its sole discretion, and may change, reduce or terminate such Support at any time without notice to you . IFTTT reserves the right to charge fees for Support . Fees If you subscribe to IFTTT’s Pro features, you (i) shall pay IFTTT all applicable fees set forth on https://ifttt .
com/plans (“Fees”) and (ii) hereby authorize IFTTT to charge your chosen payment method . IFTTT offers no refund or credits . Unless agreed to separately in writing, IFTTT will automatically renew monthly subscriptions for an additional month and yearly subscription for an additional year at the then prevailing rates unless you cancel your subscription before the date of renewal .
All Fees are exclusive of taxes or duties imposed by governing authorities . You are responsible for all taxes or duties associated with your use of the IFTTT . Free Trial Period NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED HEREIN, ANY SERVICE PROVIDED DURING THE FREE TRIAL PERIOD IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR INDEMNITIES .
Upon the expiration of the Free Trial Period, you will only be able to access and use those features of the Service the use of which does not require the payment of a Fee, unless you subsequently upgrade to a paid version of the Service . All Fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you are solely responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties, excluding only United States (federal or state) taxes .
Warranty Disclaimer Users of the Service may gain access to third party sites on the Internet through hypertext or other computer links on the Service . Third party sites are not within the supervision or control of IFTTT . IFTTT does not make any representation or warranty whatsoever about any third party site that may be linked to or from or Service .
IFTTT has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you . You acknowledge that IFTTT has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Service; what Content you access via the Service; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content .
IFTTT makes no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Service, and IFTTT will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Service .
