WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME, BUT IF WE DO, WE WILL BRING IT TO YOUR ATTENTION BY PLACING A NOTICE ON IFTTT . COM WEBSITE, BY SENDING YOU AN EMAIL, AND/OR BY SOME OTHER MEANS . Fees If you subscribe to IFTTT’s paid developer features, you (i) shall pay IFTTT all applicable fees set forth on https://ifttt .
com/plans (“Fees”) and (ii) hereby authorize IFTTT to charge your chosen payment method . IFTTT offers no refund or credits . Unless agreed to separately in writing, IFTTT will automatically renew annual subscriptions for an additional year at the then prevailing rates unless you cancel your subscription before the anniversary of subscription .
We will provide you with fourteen days’ notice prior to the end of each annual subscription . All Fees are exclusive of taxes or duties imposed by governing authorities . You are responsible for all taxes or duties associated with your use of the Developer Tool . The paid IFTTT Developer Plan and entitles you to use the IFTTT Platform to publish one (1) Service with triggers, actions, and queries, access API performance and health dashboards, and receive support assistance through the community forums provided by IFTTT .
1 . PLATFORM 1 . 1 Subject to Customer’s full compliance with all terms and conditions of this Agreement and IFTTT’s (“Company’s”) developer guidelines found at https://ifttt . com/guidelines (the “Guidelines”), Company hereby grants Customer a limited, personal, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free, nonexclusive license to access and use the Platform for integrating and operating Customer’s products and services (the “Customer Services”) into and through the Platform solely for use by Customer’s end users and other purposes separately authorized by Company in writing .
The Platform is subject to modification from time to time at Company’s sole discretion for any purpose deemed appropriate by Company . Company will use reasonable efforts to give Customer prior notice of material modifications . 1 . 2 Subject to Customer’s full compliance with all terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Guidelines, Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) make the Platform available to Customer .
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company may suspend Customer’s access to the Platform (a) for scheduled or emergency maintenance or (b) in the event Customer is in material breach of this Agreement, including failure to pay any amounts due to Company . Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide notice to Customer prior to any scheduled maintenance .
1 . 3 The parties acknowledge that certain information is to be provided by Customer (“Customer Data”) . Further, Customer acknowledges that the Platform may contain links and features that connect to third party websites, products, or services (“Third Party Products”) . Company may provide tools and features that enable Customer to import and export Customer Data and other information from and to Third Party Products, including by linking Customer’s account on the Platform with accounts or features of Third Party Products .
By using such tools and features, Customer authorizes Company to transfer such Customer Data and other information to and from Third Party Products .
