Contact Us If you have any additional questions or concerns about this policy or the Service in general, please feel free to contact us using this form . EU Residents If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below .
For this section, we use the terms “Personal Data” and “processing” as they are defined in the GDPR, but “Personal Data” generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and “processing” generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure .
IFTTT will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Service . If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict .
If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at IFTTT@gdpr-rep . com . What Personal Data Do We Collect From You ? We collect Personal Data about you when you provide such information directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners or service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, or when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Service .
Information we receive directly from you: We receive Personal Data directly from you when you provide us with such Personal Data, including without limitation the following: First and last name Email address Mailing address Telephone number Transaction Information (IFTTT does not store your credit or debit card information) User content, for example, action ingredients that are displayed when an Applet runs Information we receive from third party sources includes Applet trigger fields, ingredients, and action fields .
This data is unique to your use of IFTTT and can be found on the Applet configuration panel for any of your Applets: https://ifttt . com/my_applets . Some third parties, such as our business partners and service providers, provide us with Personal Data about you, such as the following: Account information for third party Platform Services: If you interact with a third party Platform Service when using our Service, such as if you use a third party service to log-in to our Service (e .
g . , Facebook Login or Google Sign-In), or if you share content from our Service through a third party social media Platform Service, the third party service will send us information about you, such as information from your public profile, if the third party service and your account settings allow such sharing .
The information we receive will depend on the policies and your account settings with the third party service . Information from our advertising partners: We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, services, advertisements or communications .
