In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age . We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age . By using the Website, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Website .
If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records . If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at privacy@hitrontech .
com . WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS ? In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time . If you are a resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority .
You can find their contact details here: http://ec . europa . eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en . htm . If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www . edoeb . admin . ch/edoeb/en/home . html . Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default .
We have configured our 3rd party cookies to anonymize any Personal Identifiable Information prior to the transmission of the 3rd party data . If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies . If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Website .
To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Website visit http://www . aboutads . info/choices/ . CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected .
At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized . As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online . If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice .
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS ? In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information . California Civil Code Section 1798 . 83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year .
