In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information . We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information . Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice .
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY ? In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own . Our servers are located in the United States . If you are accessing our Website from outside, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see “WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE ?
” above), in and other countries . If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country . We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law .
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION ? In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law . We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements) .
No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years . When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible .
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE ? In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures . We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process . However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information .
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Website is at your own risk . You should only access the Website within a secure environment . DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS ?
