Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Website and which we record in log files . Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the Website (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called ‘crash dumps’) and hardware settings) .
Device Data . We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or other device you use to access the Website . Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration information .
Information collected from other sources In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources . In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers and services to you and update our records, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate programs, data providers, as well as from other third parties .
This information includes mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and event promotion . HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION ? In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent .
We use personal information collected via our Website for a variety of business purposes described below . We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations .
We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below . We use the information we collect or receive: To send administrative information to you . We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies .
To protect our Services . We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention) . To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract .
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm . If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond .
