Application information: Such as the type of your installed applications or software, your usage and interaction with content offered through Website, for instance, the install and uninstall time, frequency of your usage, the category of your preferred applications and software . How ECS use Information ECS may use Information we collect for the purposes below: To respond to your inquiries that you request .
To upgrade the quality of the Website . To assess and improve the services that ECS provides over the Website . To obtain customer feedback and to analyze user experience for the purpose of development and evaluation of new services and devices . Any other purposes with your consent .
ECS will not disclose, sell or provide your Information to any third party except the situations stated in this Policy and the following exceptions . With your consent . To comply with laws and regulations or governmental requests . To prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offences or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network .
To protect the rights, property, or safety of ECS, the users of the Website, or the public . ECS reserves the right to provide such Information to our officers, employees, contractors, agents, and designees to the extent necessary to enable them to execute certain web services(such as web hosting or maintenance services) for us .
Transfer of Information to Different Locations When you use this Website or submit your Information to ECS, you understand and agree that such Information may be transferred between ECS and its affiliates and / or agents and / or contractors of ECS internationally, and may be stored and processed in any of the countries where ECS and its affiliates and / or agents and / or contractors located .
All transfer, storage and use of your Information shall be subject to this Policy and applicable laws on privacy protection and personal information security . Web Traffic-related Information ECS's web server automatically records certain information incidental to your use of our Website, such as the name of your IP address of the computer you are using, the type of browser software and operating system that you use, and other similar web-traffic information .
Information regarding your traffic patterns may be aggregated to compile a web transaction report showing web-traffic related information, but in no event shall ECS use any of your web-traffic related information for any purpose beyond this Policy . Use of Cookies In order to improve our Website, ECS may use "cookies" to track your visit .
A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you . It functions as your identification card, recording your passwords, purchases, and preferences . It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies . You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it .
