This privacy statement describes the privacy practices of Formosa International Hotels Corporation, FIH Management Limited, together with our affiliates and subsidiaries that form the Silks Hotel Group (collectively, the “Group”) are committed to protecting your Personal Information and your privacy. This Policy explains how and why we gather, store, share and use your Personal Information, as well as sets out the options you have as to when and how you choose to share your Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information or data, recorded in any format that identifies you personally either by itself or together with other information that is made available to us.

This Cookie Policy is intended to inform you about the purpose for the use of cookies and tracking pixels when you visit our Website: https://www.silkshotelgroup.com/tw/;https://www.silksplace.com/; http://www.silks-club.com/;https://tainan.silksplace.com/;https://taroko.silksplace.com/;https://www.silksplace-yilan.com.tw/; https://www.silksspring.com/; https://www.justsleep.com.tw/; https://www.regenttaipei. com/shopping/project/; http://survey.silkshotelgroup.com/tp_fb/ and https://inline.app/groups/regenttaipei and our mobile application.

Also, this policy will inform you of your rights with regard to cookies and other tracers used by the Group. This Cookie Policy should be read in conjunction with the Privacy Policy.

Consent  
This Policy forms part of the terms and conditions governing your use of our services. By using our Website, central reservation service, staying at any of our hotels, use of any of our products and/or services, or by participating in one of our programs, you are agreeing to this Policy.

When is your Personal Information Collected?  
We will collect your Personal Information when you are involved in any hotel activities. For example, your Personal Information will be collected each time you reserve a room, at check-in, staying at any of our hotels and/or enjoying any of our hotel services and facilities (including partaking of any food and/or beverage at any restaurant outlets, using the spa, gym or health centres) and when making payments or providing guest comments or feedback.

In addition, we may collect your Personal Information when some internet activities are initiated. For example, at times when you visit our Websites, we may collect information through our third party service providers' use of technologies, such as pixels or other tracking tools and similar technologies. When you fill in any of our online forms (such as for online reservation or questionnaires), your information may be collected as well. Further, if you make reservations or apply for membership programs offered by the Group or our hotels, the Personal Information you provide will be automatically collected by our third party system service provider(s) due to the nature of the system’s design and operation.

Given the similar design of the systems, our advertisement service provider, business intelligence tool provider, marketing tool provider, channel manager service provider, shopping cart and restaurant questionnaire service provider, room and restaurant reservation service provider, and Google Analytics will also automatically collect your Personal Information while you visit our websites. For more information, please see Web Technologies Used to Passively Collect Information about You.

When you opt to participate in our marketing programs, your Personal Information will be collected.  
For example, if you sign up for any of our loyalty programs, participate in customer surveys, take part in online games or competitions, or subscribe to newsletters, request to receive offers and promotions via email or other channels. We also obtain your information by transmissions from third parties. Such third parties include, tour operators, travel agencies (online or not), and others. We may collect Personal Information about you from other companies that have the right to share information with us.

If we receive information from a party other than yourself (such as in special programs where members of guest loyalty programs refer a friend to us), we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided. If you provide us with Personal Information about others, you should always tell those individuals and let them know that they can find a copy of this Policy at https://www.silkshotelgroup.com/tw/privacy.

For those of our customers to whom GDPR is not applicable, if we receive information from a party other than yourself (such as in special programs where members of guest loyalty programs refer a friend to us), we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided. If you provide us with Personal Information about others, you should always tell those individuals and let them know that they can find a copy of this Policy at https://www.silkshotelgroup.com/tw/privacy.

What is the Personal Information We Collect?  
We will collect and process some or all of the following personal data about you:  
Information about you such as your name, date of birth, nationality, contact details including email address and telephone number, travel document, photographs and other images.  
Employment information – If you are employed by one of our corporate or government clients, or travelling or obtaining products or services in relation to one of our corporate or government clients, we will collect certain information about your employment or relationship with such clients including the name of your employer, your professional title and your work contact information.  
Payment details used to pay for rooms and our other products and services, such as credit or debit card numbers and expiry dates, account information and billing information.  
Travel information such as your travel itinerary, hotel selection, room and other service preferences, special needs and interests, choice of tours, car rentals and other add-ons to your travel package, for example, when you book a reservation through our central reservation service, stay at any of our Group hotels, or when you modify your personal profile.  
Information about your use of our products and services such as historical travel arrangements, feedback about your experiences and preferences, and images captured via CCTV in the public areas of our hotels.  
We may collect and handle sensitive Personal Information, for example, when we handle requests for special medical or access assistance or specific dietary requirements which may indicate your religious beliefs. We will typically ask you for your consent when collecting and handling this type of Personal Information, unless we are otherwise permitted to process such personal data under applicable laws.  
We may also enter into strategic relationships with companies outside of the Group (our "Strategic Partners") who offer products and services that may be of interest to you such as airlines, hotel partners, travel operators and travel agents. If you participate in these programs, our Strategic Partner may send us Personal Information about you as part of our strategic relationship.  
We will only collect Personal Information which is relevant and necessary for specific identified purposes (please refer to the section Use of your Personal Information), and we will not use it for any other purposes without obtaining your consent.  
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 or minors under the age prescribed by the applicable laws. If you believe your child has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us so that we can identify and delete your child's Personal Information.  
If the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applies to you, you have certain legal rights and these are set out in the section on Access to your Personal Information. At the time of collecting your Personal Information, we will inform you of:  
our contact details;  
the purpose for the collection and the legal basis for doing so;  
if applicable, our legitimate interests for collecting your Personal Information;  
any third parties or the categories of the third parties who will receive your Personal Information;  
transfer of Personal Information to any country or organization outside EU, and the appropriate safeguards we apply when doing so, and where you can have access to such safeguards;  
the criteria we use to determine the period for which your Personal Information will be stored;  
your right to request access to, rectification, erasure of Personal Information or restrictions or objections to processing;  
your right to withdraw your consent any time if you provide Personal Information based on your consent;  
your right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in EU member state;  
whether you are obliged to provide the Personal Information, and the possible consequences of failure to provide such information; and  
whether we process any automated decision-making, including profiling based on the Personal Information you provide.  
However, if you have already previously been informed of the above information, we may not provide further notification of the same.  
Under GDPR, if your Personal Information is submitted to us from a party other than yourself, in addition to the above information, we will inform you of the categories of Personal Information concerned and where we obtained your information within reasonable period after obtaining the information. However, this section should ensure that it does not undermine the data subject's right to be informed, regardless of their prior knowledge or the effort involved.