Access to your own information Access to your personal information At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you . To obtain a copy of any information you may send us a request at support@viatech . com After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information . 

Removal of your information If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at support@viatech . com or follow the instructions at the bottom of each marketing email . This may limit the service we can provide to you . 

Verification of your information When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action . This is important to safeguard your information . 

Other matters Use of site by children We do not sell products or provide services for purchase by minors . If you are legally not an adult, you may purchase our products or services only with an adult supervision . 

Encryption of data sent between us We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser and to encrypt any data you give us . Whenever information is transferred between us, you can check that it is done so using SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser’s URL bar or toolbar . 

How you can complain If you are dissatisfied with our privacy policy or would like to file a complaint, please notify us by email at support@viatech . com . We will reach back to you as soon as possible . In case the complaint proves impossible to be resolved, we will work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection bodies, to resolve the issue . 

Retention period for personal data Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us: To provide you with the services you have requested; To comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities; To support a claim or defence in court . Compliance with the law Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business .