Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy MyHitron Lite Privacy Policy MyHitron+ Privacy Policy Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Hitron Technologies Inc . , doing business as Hitron (“Hitron“, “we“, “us“, “our“) . We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy . 
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at privacy@hitrontech . com . You can contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing dpo@hitrontech.com. When you visit our website https://www . hitrontech . com/ (the “Website“), and more generally, use any of our services (the “Services“, which include the Website), we appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information . 
We take your privacy very seriously . In this privacy notice, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it . We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important . 
If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately . This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our Services (which, as described above, includes our Website), as well as, any related services, sales, marketing or events . 
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect . We collect and use your data for various purposes, including providing and improving our services, ensuring security, fulfilling contractual obligations, complying with legal requirements, and for our legitimate interests like analytics and marketing. We will always strive to process your data lawfully and transparently. TABLE OF CONTENTS WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ? HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION ? WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE ? DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ? 
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY ? HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION ? HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE ? DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS ? WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS ? CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS ? DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE ? 
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE ? HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU ? WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ? Information automatically collected In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Website . 
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Website . This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Website and other technical information . 
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Website, based on our legitimate interest, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes, based on our legitimate interest or your consent, as further described in our Cookie Notice. Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies . We use cookies and similar technologies to ensure the security and functionality of our website (legitimate interest), analyze website traffic and usage patterns (legitimate interest or consent, as detailed in our Cookie Notice), and personalize your experience (consent). You can manage your cookie preferences through our Cookie Notice. The information we collect includes: Log and Usage Data . 
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Website and which we record in log files . Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type and settings and information about your activity in the Website (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called ‘crash dumps’) and hardware settings) . We collect this data to ensure the security and functionality of our website (legitimate interest) and to analyze website traffic and usage patterns (legitimate interest or consent, as detailed in our Cookie Notice).
Device Data . We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet or other device you use to access the Website . Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system and system configuration information . We collect this data to ensure the security and functionality of our website (legitimate interest) and to analyze website traffic and usage patterns (legitimate interest or consent, as detailed in our Cookie Notice).
Information collected from other sources In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources . In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers and services to you and update our records, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate programs, data providers, as well as from other third parties . 
This information includes mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and event promotion . We will only collect and use this data where we have a legitimate interest or have obtained your consent. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION ? In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent . 
We use personal information collected via our Website for a variety of business purposes described below . We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations . 
We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below . We use the information we collect or receive: To send administrative information to you . We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies . 
To protect our Services . We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention) . To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract . 
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm . If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond . 
Fulfill and manage your orders . We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Website Administer prize draws and competitions . We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions . 
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user . We may use your information to provide you with the requested service . To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users . We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services . 
For other business purposes . We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Website, products, marketing and your experience . We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information . We will process this data based on our legitimate interests in improving our services and marketing efforts, or with your consent where required.
We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent . WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE ? In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations . We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis: Consent:We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose . 
Legitimate Interests:We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests, such as data analysis, fraud prevention, and improving our services. We will always balance these interests against your rights and freedoms. Performance of a Contract:Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract . Legal Obligations:We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements) . 
Vital Interests:We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved . 
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations: Business Transfers . We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company . 
3rdParty Analytics . We anonymize personally identifiable information prior to sending the data to 3rd Party Analytics like Google Analytics . We use anonymization techniques to ensure that data processed by third-party analytics providers cannot be linked back to you. We will list all third-party analytics providers in our Cookie Notice and provide information about their data processing practices. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ? 
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information . We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information . Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice . 
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY ? In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own . Our servers are located in the United States . If you are accessing our Website from outside, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see “WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE ? 
” above), in and other countries . If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country . We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law, including using appropriate safeguards like Standard Contractual Clauses.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION ? In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law . We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements) . 
No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years . When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible . 
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE ? In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures . We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process in line with Article 32 GDPR. These measures include pseudonymisation, encryption, ensuring confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services, restoring the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident, and a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processing. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information . 
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Website is at your own risk . You should only access the Website within a secure environment . DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS ? 
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 16 years of age . We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 16 years of age . By using the Website, you represent that you are at least 16 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Website . 
If we learn that personal information from users less than 16 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records . If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 16, please contact us at privacy@hitrontech . 
com . WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS ? In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time . If you are a resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority . 
You can find their contact details here: http://ec . europa . eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en . htm . If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www . edoeb . admin . ch/edoeb/en/home . html . As a data subject, you have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, and data portability. Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default . 
We have configured our 3rd party cookies to anonymize any Personal Identifiable Information prior to the transmission of the 3rd party data . If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies . If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Website . 
To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Website visit http://www . aboutads . info/choices/ . CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected . 
At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized . As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online . While we do not currently respond to DNT signals, we offer alternative methods for you to manage your tracking preferences, such as cookie controls detailed in our Cookie Notice. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice . 
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS ? In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information . California Civil Code Section 1798 . 83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year . We are committed to upholding the data rights of all individuals, including those granted under the GDPR. 
    

    