This website uses cookies to collect necessary user browsing behaviors so that we can provide you with a better browsing experience . For more information， Please review the privacy policy Disabling cookies will make it impossible to use member-related functions Agree Disable cookies About us News Product and Solutions Test service Contact us 0 Home Privacy policy Privacy policy Last updated: August 15, 2019 This Privacy and Cookies Policy is provided by FitTech Co .
, Ltd . ("FitTech ", or "we") to explain to you what personal data may be collected through the websites linked to this Policy and how such personal data may be used . If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us at service@fittech . com .
tw . This Policy applies solely to the processing of your personal data which may be collected through our websites . This policy does not apply to third-party websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those websites. Personal Data Collected We collect different categories of personal data on our websites (www . fittech .
com . tw), which may include personal and business contact information such as your name, corporate name, job title, contact number, physical and email address, and other information you have provided or is required to process a transaction, service, inquiry or request . We may not be able to fulfill a request if we do not receive the personal data required .
To enable us to provide a better user experience, we also use cookies to collect certain information concerning your use of our websites such as the IP address of the computer you are using, the type of browser software and operating system that you use, and other similar information .
Use of Personal Data Collected The personal data collected may be used to respond to your inquiries or requests such as replying to your inquiry of products, replying to your questions you submit, help us maintain and upgrade the quality of our websites and the services these websites provide, and any other use described at the point we collect the personal data .
We may disclose your personal data to third party providers (in particular, to enable them to execute certain web services for us, such as web hosting or maintenance services) . We may also share this information with FitTech’s affiliates and agents to fulfil your request for information/order . We do not sell any personally identifiable information .
We reserve the right to disclose such personal data to any other third party if we believe that we are required or permitted to do so by law, including, where applicable, (i) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests; (ii) to prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offences or attacks on the technical integrity of the web site or our network; and (iii) to protect the rights, property or safety of FitTech, the users of the website, or the public .
Use of Cookies Our websites use cookies to collect certain information concerning your use of our websites, to improve your user experience, as well as to analyze and collect statistics regarding our web traffic .
Our websites use the following types of cookies for the purposes mentioned: Cookies that are strictly necessary to provide you with services you have requested. These cookies are essential for you to browse the website and use its features. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Functional cookies that allow our website to remember if you have previously visited the site or the choices you make (such as your language, region or preferences) to provide a more personalized online experience. You can consent to the use of these cookies through a cookie banner or settings page. Performance cookies that collect how a user uses our sites, for example which pages user visits, the areas you have visited, the time spent on the website . These cookies help us improve our sites' usability. One example is Google Analytics. You can consent to the use of these cookies separately from other types of cookies. Cookies expire at various times . Most cookies expire at the time the browser is closed . Third party cookies are controlled by third party sites and the processing of this data is subject to their own privacy policies .
You can disable these cookies at any time by adjusting the settings of your browser (e . g . Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome) . Please bear in mind that disabling cookies may impact the usability of our websites . Your Rights To the extent required by applicable law, you are entitled to obtain information on the processing of your personal data, access your personal data, object to or restrict the processing of your personal data, make use of your right to data portability where applicable, and have your personal data rectified or deleted .
You are also entitled to withdraw at any time the consent that you have given with respect to the processing of your personal data . If you would like to exercise the above rights or learn more about the processing of your personal data, please contact us at service@fittech .
com . tw . We will endeavor to respond to your request(s) promptly . Retention of Your Personal Data We endeavor to retain your personal data for no longer than what is allowed under the applicable data protection laws and, in any case, for no longer than what is necessary for the purpose for which such personal data was collected or otherwise processed .
To the extent required by applicable law, we will erase personal data: when it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; when you withdraw your consent (where lawfulness of processing is based on your consent) and there is no other legal ground for the processing; when you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; when your personal data has been unlawfully processed; or when it is necessary to comply with legal obligations .
Revisions to Our Privacy and Cookies Policy FitTech reserves the right to revise this Policy from time to time .
    
