Such request must state that they personally made such Content available to other users and detail where such Content is posted . We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the Content from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified in relation to such Content .
This removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal . For instance, third parties may have republished the Content and archived copies of it may be stored by search engines and others that we do not control . You may submit a request to exercise any of these rights by contacting us by email at privacy@suno .
com . We will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights . However, we will need to verify your request by asking you to provide at least two pieces of personal information (e . g . , full name and email address) as reasonably necessary to properly identify you .
You may also designate, in writing or through a power of attorney document, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights . Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us .
Upon receipt of a verifiable request, we will respond to such request as required by, and subject to certain restrictions and exemptions under, applicable laws . If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us by email at privacy@suno . com . Rights of EEA Residents If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain other rights regarding our processing of your personal data (in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Notice), in accordance with European data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation, and subject to certain restrictions and exemptions under such laws .
These rights include, among others: (1) the right to be informed of the specifics regarding your personal data, including what data is being processed, the purposes for such processing, the third parties with which we share your data, the sources from which we obtain your data, and the period of time for which your personal data will be stored; (2) the right to receive a copy of your information that we process; and (3) the right to ask that we provide your data in an easily readable format to another company .
EEA residents may contact us online by email at privacy@suno . com to request such information or data . Other Important Privacy Information Suno Acting as a Data Processor In connection with the use of certain Services by our customers or other parties, such as under license agreements pertaining to use of our Platform and related Services, our customers or other parties and their designated end users may upload, process, store and/or share data through the Services (or may provide data to us through other means for processing), the contents of which are generally not known to us but may contain personal information .
