3 . With Your Consent . We share information about you with third parties when you give us consent or direct us to do so – for example, if you have agreed to be a reference for Suno or have provided a testimonial regarding our Services, or use login integrations provided by third parties such as Discord and Google .
4 . For Legal and Compliance Purposes . We may share information about you with a third party if we believe that sharing such information is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable legal obligation, including applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements, (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, or to exercise or defend any legal claims, (c) protect the security or integrity of our products and services, and (d) protect Suno, our customers, employees or other persons from harm, legal liability or illegal activities .
We may also share your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of all or a portion of our business or assets, bankruptcy, or similar business transaction . How We Store and Secure Your Information Suno has implemented and maintains technical and organizational security measures and other safeguards reasonably necessary to ensure the security, confidentiality and integrity of your information, including measures to protect against unauthorized access to, destruction, modification, disclosure or use of your information, as appropriate based on the nature of the information .
We permit persons working for us to access and use your information only to serve our legitimate business purposes, in accordance with this Privacy Notice . Suno is based in the United States, and we generally store your information on servers located in the United States . We also conduct business in other countries, directly or through one of our subsidiaries or partners, and may transfer your information to and/or store it in such other locations as reasonably necessary to provide the Services or for other legitimate business purposes, in accordance with this Privacy Notice .
While we follow generally accepted standards to protect your information, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure . You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions . How Long We Retain Your Information We retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice .
When determining the length of time to retain information, we consider various criteria, including whether we need the information to continue to administer your account, provide the Services, resolve a dispute, enforce our contractual agreements, prevent harm, promote safety, security and integrity, or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products .
How You Can Opt Out From Receiving Communications, Change Or Request Deletion Of Your Information You may choose the types of communications you wish to receive from us, change your information or request that we delete certain information at any time, as follows: 1 .
