We may also send you technical notices, updates, service notifications, security alerts, support, billing and administrative messages in connection with your use of the Services . 3 . To Inform You of Offerings . We use your Contact Information and User Activity Information to communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Suno and to provide news and information that we think will be of interest to you, and to understand how you interact with or respond to such communications and advertisements .
You may opt out from receiving these types of communications at any time, as discussed under the heading “Opt Out From Receiving Communications” below, and you may restrict some of the User Activity Information we may collect by changing the settings on your browser, as discussed under the heading "Disabling Cookies and Similar Technologies" below .
4 . To Maintain, Monitor and Secure the Services . We may use certain User Account Information, User Activity Information, and Content to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services; to monitor, detect, investigate and/or prevent suspicious, fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity; and to secure the Services and communicate with you regarding any security incidents .
5 . For Legal and Compliance Purposes . We may use Contact Information, User Account Information, User Activity Information, and Content as reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable legal obligation, including any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, and (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, to exercise or defend any legal claims, protect us against legal liability, or otherwise protect or defend our rights or property .
6 . To Develop and Improve our Products and Services . We may use certain User Activity Information, Submissions and other Content to improve our Services, product offerings and business, including to train and enhance the models that power our Services . How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies We use cookies and similar technologies such as pixels, web beacons, and software development kits to collect User Activity Information, including your browsing activities and preferences, to improve and customize your user experience and interactions with us .
We or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies on the Services for the following purposes: 1 . Necessary purposes . These are cookies and similar technologies that are required for the operation of certain Services, including, for example, cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of the Services .
2 . Functionality . These cookies and similar technologies remember choices you make and are used to recognize you when you log in to the Services . This enables us to personalize the Services for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region) .
3 . Analytics . These cookies and similar technologies collect information about how you use the Services . They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around within the Services .
