Blog Make a song Privacy Notice Last Modified: June 30, 2024 This Privacy Notice explains how information about you is collected, used, shared, stored and secured by Suno, Inc . and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "Suno," "we," "our" and "us") when you use our websites, mobile applications, products, services and/or datasets (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us .
This Privacy Notice also explains your choices regarding your information . Overview Suno is committed to protecting your privacy and complying with all applicable laws in collecting and processing personal information . This Privacy Notice provides information regarding the following: What information we collect How we use your information How we use cookies and similar technologies How we share your information How we store and secure your information How long we retain your information How you can opt out from receiving communications, or change or request deletion of your information Payment processing Rights of California residents Rights of EEA residents Other important privacy information Our Services may contain links to other websites operated by third parties .
Information collected by such third parties is governed by their privacy policies which we encourage you to review to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties . What Information We Collect We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use the Services, and/or when other sources provide it to us .
We collect Contact Information, User Account Information, User Activity Information, and Content, as such terms are defined below . The specific types of information included in each of these categories are described in more detail below . 1 . Information You Provide to Us, including through the Services . We collect information about you when you input it into the Services (such as completing a web form, creating or accessing your account, or using our chat function) or otherwise provide it directly to us .
For example, we collect information when you submit a request for a demonstration or customer support or otherwise communicate with us, or when we establish an account for you . The types of information we may collect include your contact information or your billing contact information (such as your name, physical addresses or geographic location, email addresses and phone numbers), your employer or other company affiliation, your business title, and any other information you choose to provide (collectively, "Contact Information") .
If we establish an account for you for use of paid and/or secured access portions of the Services, such as an account established in connection with a license to use software platforms and applications (collectively, the "Platform"), we also collect your username and password for said account, and information about your subscription tier and transactions (collectively, "User Account Information") .
Our payment processors also collect payment information to provide paid access to the Services, as described further under the heading "Payment Processing" below . Finally, if you use our Services to record or upload data, music, sound, photographs or other Submissions, including to generate and return Output (as such terms are defined in our Terms of Service, and collectively, "Content"), we collect the data contained and associated with such Content .
