When you register for a community or a partner program, we collect account registration information like your name, email address, address, company, phone number, or other information . You may provide comments, communications, feedback, ratings, or other information when you use the Services or any of our communities or partner programs .
When You Create an Account: When you create an account, you provide us with your account registration and profile information (name, email address, company, and similar information) . We automatically track certain information about your use of the Services, partner programs, or communities . We collect information about you when you login and how you interact with the Services, the features you use, clicks, log information about your use of the Services, and how you interact with other users .
We describe the information we collect through the Services in more detail in Zapier Services statement . Content or Information You Provide in the Services: The Services allow you to create connections or integrations between the third-party applications you use . When you use the Services, information or content is transferred from one application to another application .
We collect the information that is transferred between the third-party applications . We describe the information we collect through your use of the Services in more detail in the Zapier Services statement . Other users may provide information about individuals when they submit content or information through the Services .
For example, if a user sets up a Zap that allows automated calendaring, that user will share information about the individuals they schedule meetings with via the Zap . Users may also provide information about their teammates, including name and email address, to invite teammates to use the Services .
Similarly, an administrator may provide your contact information if they designate you as a user, the billing contact, technical contact, or administrator . You or your administrator may integrate the Services with third-party applications . In such case, we will receive information that allows us to identify your account within the third-party applications (like name, email address, phone number, tokens, or other identifying information), the log data, content, and device information .
The information or content we receive from your organization is subject to your organization’s privacy policies . When you integrate our Services with a third-party application, the information we receive depends on the settings, permissions, and privacy Statement controlled by that third-party application . Content You Provide Through Our Site: If the Site or our social media platform pages allow you to upload content or information, we will collect the content or information you upload .
For example, when you provide feedback, participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities, or events, you may provide us information or content . Information You Provide Through Support Channels or Communities: You may provide information or content to us through the customer support or chat functionality we make available on the Site, in the Services, or other sites that we control .
