aboutcookies . org . If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of the Site or Service may then be inaccessible or not function properly . Please see the Cookie Notice statement for more information about cookies . Our Marketing Activities: If you would like to opt-out of receiving our marketing, you can opt-out by sending an opt-out email to privacy@zapier .
com . If we sent you a promotional email, you may opt-out by clicking the opt-out link at the bottom of the email or sending us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions . This-opt out does not apply to information necessary to deliver the Services, communities, or partner programs, like your account information or notices we send about the Services’ operation .
If you have an account in the Services, you can manage your communication preferences (including opt-outs) in the settings page of your account profile . Services . You can review and change your personal information in the Services by logging into the Service and visiting your account profile page .
You may also send us an email at privacy@zapier . com to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us . We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect .
You can manage your communication preferences within the settings page of your account profile . Data Security and Data Transfers Data Security . Zapier takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data .
However, no application, Internet, or email transmission is ever fully secure or error-free, and we do not guarantee the security of any personal information . You are also responsible for ensuring that your account and the passwords we provide you are protected . Data Storage and International Data Transfers .
Information that we collect from the Site will be transferred to, and processed in the United States and in any other country where Zapier or its affiliates, subsidiaries or third party service providers maintain facilities or personnel . These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective) .
We follow applicable data protection laws when transferring personal data . If you are resident in or a visitor from the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland, we will protect your Personal Information when it is transferred outside of such locations by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for Personal Information; or otherwise implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your Personal Information, including through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses or another lawful transfer mechanism approved by the European Commission .
For data transfers and storage of information we collect from your use of the Services, please refer to the detail in the Zapier Services statement .
