As noted above, we may use Content you provide us to improve our Services, for example to train the models that power ChatGPT . Read our instructions (opens in a new window) on how you can opt out of our use of your Content to train our models . 3 .
Disclosure of personal information In certain circumstances we may provide your Personal Information to third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law: Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may provide Personal Information to vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, customer service vendors, cloud services, email communication software, web analytics services, and other information technology providers, among others .
Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store Personal Information only in the course of performing their duties to us . Business Transfers: If we are involved in strategic transactions, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, or transition of service to another provider (collectively, a “Transaction”), your Personal Information and other information may be disclosed in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets .
Legal Requirements: We may share your Personal Information, including information about your interaction with our Services, with government authorities, industry peers, or other third parties (i) if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, (ii) to protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) if we determine, in our sole discretion, that there is a violation of our terms, policies, or the law; (iv) to detect or prevent fraud or other illegal activity; (v) to protect the safety, security, and integrity of our products, employees, or users, or the public, or (vi) to protect against legal liability .
Affiliates: We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with OpenAI . Our affiliates may use the Personal Information we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy . Business Account Administrators: When you join a ChatGPT Enterprise or business account, the administrators of that account may access and control your OpenAI account .
In addition, if you create an account using an email address belonging to your employer or another organization, we may share the fact that you have an OpenAI account and certain account information, such as your email address, with your employer or organization to, for example, enable you to be added to their business account .
Other Users and Third Parties You Share Information With: Certain features allow you to display or share information with other users or third parties . For example, you may share ChatGPT conversations with other users via shared links or send information to third-party applications via custom actions for GPTs .
