Be sure you trust any user or third party with whom you share information . 4 . Your rights Depending on location, individuals may have certain statutory rights in relation to their Personal Information . For example, you may have the right to: Access your Personal Information and information relating to how it is processed .
Delete your Personal Information from our records . Rectify or update your Personal Information . Transfer your Personal Information to a third party (right to data portability) . Restrict how we process your Personal Information . Withdraw your consent—where we rely on consent as the legal basis for processing at any time .
Object to how we process your Personal Information . Lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority . You can exercise some of these rights through your OpenAI account . If you are unable to exercise your rights through your account, please submit your request through privacy . openai .
com (opens in a new window) or to dsar@openai . com . A note about accuracy: Services like ChatGPT generate responses by reading a user’s request and, in response, predicting the words most likely to appear next . In some cases, the words most likely to appear next may not be the most factually accurate .
For this reason, you should not rely on the factual accuracy of output from our models . If you notice that ChatGPT output contains factually inaccurate information about you and you would like us to correct the inaccuracy, you may submit a correction request through privacy . openai . com (opens in a new window) or to dsar@openai .
com . Given the technical complexity of how our models work, we may not be able to correct the inaccuracy in every instance . In that case, you may request that we remove your Personal Information from ChatGPT’s output by filling out this form (opens in a new window) .
For information on how to exercise your rights with respect to data we have collected from the internet to train our models, please see this help center article (opens in a new window) . 5 . Additional U . S . state disclosures The following table provides additional information about the categories of Personal Information we collect and how we disclose that information .
You can read more about the Personal Information we collect in “Personal information we collect” above, how we use Personal Information in “How we use personal information” above, and how we retain Personal Information in “Security and Retention” below . Category of Personal Information Disclosure of Personal Information Identifiers, such as your name, contact details, IP address, and other device identifiers We may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; to corporate administrators of enterprise or team accounts; and to other users and third parties you choose to share it with .
