網頁地圖 語言 / Lang.
首頁
> 隱私權政策
分享        
隱私權政策
Our Company hereby declares the Privacy Policy as below. By using our Company’s website and providing your consent, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. 
Collection of Personal Information
Usually, you can visit our website without providing any personal information. Sometimes, in order to contact with our Company, you may need to provide your personal information, for instance, name, E-mail, and telephone, for us to provide a better service. We collect and process this information based on [insert legal basis, e.g., consent, legitimate interest]. This information may be shared with [specify recipients, e.g., service providers] and will be retained for [specify retention period] for the purpose of [specify purpose, e.g., responding to your inquiry]. We may transfer your data internationally, implementing appropriate safeguards such as [specify safeguards, e.g., standard contractual clauses] to ensure its protection. You have the right to access, rectify, erase, and restrict the processing of your data, as well as the right to data portability.
Use of Personal Information
According to your specified requirement, our Company will use your personal information to enhance our relationship with you. We will in no event sell, change, and/or rent your personal information. We will only share your personal information outside our Company with your consent in advance, as required by law.
Protection of Personal Information
Our website has security measures to protect your personal information and the website, such as firewalls and anti-virus systems. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.
Third Party Site
Our Company will provide clear and specific information about its data processing activities in relation to third-party sites, including the legal basis for any data transfers and the safeguards in place to protect personal data.
Other
Our Company has right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will inform you of any changes in an appropriate and timely manner and obtain your consent where required. 
If you have any question or suggestion regarding this Privacy Policy, please kindly contact to us.
佳能企業股份有限公司
24242新北市新莊區中環路3段200號
電話：+886-2-8522-9788     傳真：+886-2-8522-9789. This is the contact information of the data controller.
關注我們： 隱私權政策   |    語言 / Lang.
© 2024 佳能企業股份有限公司。版權所有 不得轉載。    
