Skip to the main content . Toggle Menu Privacy and Legal Privacy Get to know our privacy practices, how we collect and process data, and your choices about how information is used . Wiwynn Corporation (hereinafter ¡§Wiwynn¡¨ or ¡§we¡¨) takes privacy and the rights of personal data owners seriously .
Thus, in accordance with the privacy-related laws and regulations of each operation sites and the relevant requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we have formulated the Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the ¡§Policy¡¨) as the highest principle for implementation of privacy protection in order to protect and manage personal information and ensure that privacy will not be infringed .
We are also committed to requiring all employees of our subsidiaries and joint ventures, as well as suppliers, contractors and external consultants to comply with the Policy . The Policy may be amended from time to time due to the relevant regulations . Please pay close attention to our website to timely update the latest contents .
1 . Personal Data Categories The Personal Data herein includes all personal data that can be used to directly or indirectly identify individuals . Each personal data may vary depanding on the purpose for which it is collected, but is not limited to the following: (1) Basic data such as name, gender, date of birth, address, phone number, email address, job location, job title, ID card/passport or other certificate numbers, picture of face and other non-public information directly related to personally identifiable information (eg .
preferences of product, interests or browsing history etc . ) (2) The data collected by Cookies on Wiwynn¡¦s website . (3) Candidates¡¦ education experience, qualification certificates and work experience . (4) Documents signed or expressed consent to during the contact with Wiwynn . 2 . Purpose of Personal Data Collection/Use Wiwynn may collect and use your personal data for the following purposes in accordance with the relevant law: (1) For the purpose of providing products and services ¡V including but not limited to the matters related to signing contracts, based on contract performance .
(2) For the purpose of marketing communication ¡V including but not limited to updating our systems, processes and related information, communication and interaction, maintaining and updating contact information, improving or developing our products and services, and other related matters, based on consent or legitimate interests .
(3) For the purpose of management ¡V including but not limited to supplier management, manpower management and related matters, based on legitimate interests . (4) For the purpose of physical security ¡V including but not limited to access records of factories, monitor video records, system login, access and other related records, based on legitimate interests .
(5) For the purpose of legal compliance ¡V including but not limited to the investigation of legal cases, the prevention of crime, the assertion/exercise/defense of legal rights and related matters, based on legal obligations .
3 . Principle of Personal Data Collection (1) For different types/purposes of personal data collection, we will provide explanations and information with separate opt-in for each purpose . Also, we will itemize the rights for choice on your own and collect data after receiving consent .
When you use Wiwynn¡¦s website or provide your personal data on your own when contacting Wiwynn, you agree to the terms and conditions of the Policy and also agree we collect and process your personal data in accordance with the Policy . (2) For the collection, processing and use the personal data, we continuously monitor and manage by the principle of not exceeding the specific purpose and not making secondary purpose .
4 . Sharing of Personal Data For legitime operating activities, we may provide personal data to the following parties: (1) The legitimate authorities including the legal competent authorities and those necessary for litigation, other legal proceedings or the investigating, detecting and preventing crime offenses . (2) The institutions using data by law and regulations (such as Wiwynn¡¦s subsidiaries and other business-related institutions .
(3) The parties agreed by you (including but not limited to the following parties, such as the companies jointly marketing or sharing customer information with Wiwynn or the companies cooperating business with Wiwynn . (4) The accountants, auditors, attorneys and other experts providing consultant services, who already signed Non-disclosure agreement with Wiwynn .
(5) If we engage a third-party supplier to process the Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: l only process the personal data in accordance with the purpose of our prior written instructions; and l establish mechanism to protect the security of personal data in compliance with requirements under applicable law and regulations .
5 . Retention Period of Personal Data (1) We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in this Privacy Policy, or for as long as required or permitted by law . Specifically: - Personal data collected for providing products and services: [Specify retention period or criteria] - Personal data collected for marketing communication: [Specify retention period or criteria] - Personal data collected for management purposes: [Specify retention period or criteria] - Personal data collected for physical security: [Specify retention period or criteria] - Personal data collected for legal compliance: [Specify retention period or criteria] (2) We will delete or anonymize your personal data upon expiry of the retention period in a secure manner in accordance with applicable laws and regulations .
6 . Protection Mechanism of Personal Data We will do our best to take reasonable measure to protect the security of your personal data (including but not limited to equipment security management and data security auditing mechanism, such as encryption mechanism, firewall etc) . We are not responsible for any content, products or services offered on any third-party websites .
Links to third-party websites are provided for your convenience only . This Privacy Policy will not apply to any personal data that you provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party website operator . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites .
7 . Claim/Request of Personal Data Owner With respect to personal data, you have the right to claim/request under the legally premise: (1) Refuse to provide your personal data: However, if you choose not to provide your personal data, we may not be able to completely provide the relevant functions or services of our website .
(2) The right to withdraw your consent: Withdraw your consent will not affect the legality of processing your personal data by Wiwynn on the basis of your previous consent .
If there¡¦s other legal basis of the processing, we may continue to process your personal data . (3) Stop collection, processing and use . (4) Inquiries or requests for reading . (5) Provide copies . (6) Request for supplement, correction or deletion . (7) Under the reasonable and practicable premise, transfer your personal data to the information controller of designated third party in an usable or machine-readable form .
(8) If You are the residents of the European Economic Area from within the European Union, based on the GDPR, you have the right to claim/request for restriction of processing and, to the extent possible, the right to request for transfer your personal data in an organized, generally usable or machine-readable form .
8 . Cross-border Transmission (1) Since Wiwynn is a multinational enterprise, there may be cross-border transmission and use of personal data between subsidiaries in different countries . Within the scope of not exceeding the original purpose of collecting, processing and using personal data and complying with the Policy, we will comply with this policy and the privacy and personal data protection laws and regulations applicable to the transmission area .
If we transfer your personal data outside of the EEA, we will ensure that such transfer is carried out in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR . This may include transferring your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission, or implementing appropriate safeguards such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses .
(2) If we transmit your personal data from within the EU to outside the European Economic Area, and the country where the recipient is has not been certified by the EU for adequacy, we will sign EU standard clauses with the recipient to protect your rights of personal data .
9 . Management Mechanism of Personal Data (1) We have incorporated privacy rights and personal data protection into the scope of internal control and risk management of the enterprise, and has formulated the "WYHQ Internal Control System" as well as various internal control cycle operation rules to carry out related operations to reduce potential risks and impacts .
(2) We adopt the zero-tolerance policy for privacy protection . If any employee violates the Policy, he or she will be punished in accordance with our relevant regulations and, depending on the severity of the case, we will seek compensation or pursue legal action in accordance with the law .
(3) In order to ensure the implementation of the privacy protection system, the legal department is responsible for the formulation of the relevant system, and the audit department will examine the implementation status of the relevant mechanism . (4) We conduct annual internal audits to verify that the measures of personal data protection and related procedures comply with relevant laws and regulations and management systems .
(5) Conduct regular training on privacy protection for all employees and keep training records . 10 . Website Cookies (1) We collect your personal data in several ways . Most of the personal data we receive comes to us voluntarily from you who are interested in obtaining products and services from us or is collected by using technology .
As you visit our website, our information technology (IT) systems may also collect passive information, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and operating system .
(2) We also use cookies to gather information on the date and time of your visit for the purpose of [Specify purpose, e.g., website analytics] and based on your consent . The session cookies are permanently lost when the browser closes . The persistent or perpetual cookies are contained in your device until you delete them manually or it reaches to the expiration date you set up for retention period .
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level . If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited .
11 . Consultation, Reporting and Acceptance (1) If there is an incident or situation that may cause damage to your rights, or if you discover any possible violation of the Policy, please contact us at +886-2-6615-8888 or Legal@wiwynn . com . We will protect the identity and rights of the whistleblower by strictly protecting the relevant information of the whistleblower .
(2) In the event of a personal data incident that results in a breach of your rights, we will immediately process and investigate the incident and notify you in an appropriate manner once it is identified . If you have any questions or suggestions about the Wiwynn Privacy Policy, please send an email to Legal@wiwynn .
com . Legal Terms of Use Review the terms of your agreement with Wiwynn in the use of our products, software, and services . Ownership of Website; Agreement to terms of Use These Terms and Condition of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the Wiwynn website (the “Website”) .
The Website is the property of Wiwynn Corporation (“Wiwynn”) . BY VISITING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND ACCEPTED TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE, AND TO COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE Wiwynn may amend and update the Terms of Use from time to time in its sole discretion .
It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically . Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes . All changes are effective immediately upon posting on this Website . Copyright The information, graphics, text, user interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logo, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, “Content”) contained on the Website is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Wiwynn, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws .
No part of the Website and Content may be modified, altered, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, upload, publicly displayed, posted, encoded, translated, transmitted or created derivative works in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Wiwynn .
If you breach any of the Terms of Use, the permission to your use of the Website will terminate immediately and you must destroy any materials you have downloaded or copied . All other rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Wiwynn . Trademark “Wiwynn”, mentioned in the Website is registered trademark owned by Wistron Corp .
and licensed to Wiwynn; all other Wiwynn product names mentioned in the Website are registered trademarks owned by Wiwynn . All other products, brand names, or company names mentioned in the Website are properties and trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies . The company name, trademark, or logo of Wiwynn may not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this information without prior written permission from Wiwynn .
You may not use the company name, trademark or logo of Wiwynn for any illegal or unauthorized purpose . Violation of These Terms of Use You agree that Wiwynn may in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Website and/or block your future access to the Website if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use .
You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Wiwynn, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Wiwynn obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Wiwynn deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances .
These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Wiwynn may have at law or in equity . If Wiwynn does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, Wiwynn will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorney’s fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Wiwynn .
You agree that Wiwynn will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of your access to the Website as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use . Disclaimer Wiwynn accepts no responsibility for to the accuracy of the content for any purpose and makes no commitment to update the content .
The website and its content are provided “as is” . Wiwynn cannot ensure that any files or other data you download form the website will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features . Wiwynn disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose .
All information and content provided on the website is subject to change without notice . Any responses from website visitors shall be deemed non-confidential and Wiwynn shall be free to copy, use and distribute any information or ideas contained in such responses . Except where prohibited by law, in no event shall Wiwynn be liable for any direct, special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever, including loss of profits or data, whether in an action in contract or tort, in connection with the use or performance of this information, even if Wiwynn has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
Governing Law These Terms of Use and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Taiwan R .
We will comply with the GDPR, including data subject rights and limitations on data processing, when processing personal data of data subjects in the EU . 
    