(2) If UMC entrusts an information service provider to process your personal data, UMC will require a contract to meet the following: The information service provider shall process within the purpose’s scope; The information service provider shall comply with legal requirements and have sufficient mechanisms to protect the security of personal data .
9 . Data Analysis and Automated Decision Making UMC may process your personal data to analyze and to be used in automated decision making: In order to avoid information leakage and protect intellectual property rights, for example to process your data and to analyze potential risks in Information Technology systems .
Therefore, it is recommended that you avoid disclosing your sensitive personal data, or other confidential information . 10 . Information Security UMC has employed properly technical and organizational security measures (e . g . setting access permission) in accordance with the applicable laws to prevent your personal data from being accidentally or intentionally damaged, lost, tampered with, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized access, and other illegal or unauthorized processing .
Because of the public nature of the Internet, information transmitted over the internet is not completely secure . Although UMC has taken all reasonable steps to protect your personal data, it cannot guarantee that your data transmission over the Internet will be completely secure . You will bear the possible risks of this transmission process, please confirm that there is no security problem in the process of transmitting your personal data to UMC .
11 . The accuracy of your Personal Data UMC endeavours to take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data processed by the company is accurate and correct . If there is any inaccurate in your personal data, the company will correct or erase it immediately . In order to ensure the accuracy of your personal data, the company may confirm the accuracy with you if necessary .
12 . The principle of minimizing the Processing of Personal Data UMC endeavour to take reasonable steps to ensure that the scope of the company's processing of your personal data is reasonably related to the purposes set out in this policy, and only within that scope . 13 . Personal Data retention period UMC endeavours to take reasonable measures to ensure that the processing of your Personal Data is for necessary time period and to fulfill agreed purposes .
UMC will keep your Personal Data in accordance with the following principles: (1) During the period of business relationship from the time you approached UMC for business, until you notify UMC of your succession of business communication . (2) During the period of statute of limitation prescribed by the applicable laws or regulations .
For example, when a third party exercises the legal right to request for your Personal Data from UMC, UMC may continue to facilitate your Personal Data for the period necessary for fulfilling such request . The processing of your Personal Data will be limited to the storage and maintenance .
(3) After the expiration of the retention period, UMC will permanently delete or destroy your Personal Data, or make your Personal Data to be anonymous, for example: the retention period of Personal Data in UMC is five years in a business transaction consummation .
