Others: For example: Whether your family or close relatives have provided work or service for UMC and their personal information etc . (2) Sensitive Personal Data UMC will not collect and process your sensitive personal data except for very limited circumstances and when processing your sensitive personal data for legitimate purposes are necessary .
And UMC will process in accordance with applicable laws . UMC may process physical examination records, criminal records and so on in the following situations: To comply with applicable laws and regulations; To detect or prevent crimes; To claim, exercise or protect the legal rights of UMC or relevant parties; Based on your consent .
If you provide Sensitive Personal Data to UMC, you must ensure that you are legally entitled to those data . 4 . Purposes and legal bases for Processing your Personal Data UMC may process personal data for the following purposes: (1) Provision of products and services (2) For UMC business and operation (3) For Communication and Marketing purposes (4) For UMC’s System Management (5) For Managing Suppliers (6) Obtaining your feedback on UMC's products or services (7) Maintaining the security of UMC’s plants (8) For Investigations and Compliance purposes in order to fulfill legal statutory obligations (9) For the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal rights (10) For the purpose of improving or developing UMC's products and services (11) For the purpose of manpower recruitment UMC may also process your personal data for other purposes under the following circumstances: (1) Based on the express provisions of the laws .
(2) Necessary to advance the public interest . (3) To avoid danger to your life, body, liberty or property . (4) To prevent major harm to the rights and interests of others . (5) Based on your consent . (6) In favor of your rights . UMC may process personal data for the following legal bases: (1) Base on your prior consent; (2) Necessary for the contract between UMC and you, or for the purpose to negotiate the contract with you; (3) UMC has legitimate interests, but the legitimate interests do not exceed your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms; (4) UMC fulfills its legal obligations; (5) The processing of personal data is necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; (6) UMC cooperates with the investigation, to investigate fraud and other crimes in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and prevents behaviors that violate the company's regulations and criminal crimes .
5 . UMC may process your personal data (1) Internal processing: To operate and manage the company's website, systems, products or services For the trouble shooting of company's website, systems, products or services; further plans for improvements and developments . To manage, operate, check and monitor various systems of the company .
Maintenance of physical and electronic security measures in the company's factory areas . Abide by the company’ legal obligations . For recruitment and interview activities . (2) External processing: providing your personal data to third parties which are operating UMC’s website, systems, and the obtaining of communications, opinions with respect to our products or services .
