Leofoo Tourism Group Privacy Policy  
The Leofoo Development Co., LTD. (Leofoo Tourism Group) privacy policy applies to all hotels and affiliated companies.  
  
I. Personal Information Collection:  
1. Leofoo Tourism Group collects your Personal Information on the site in order to enhance the services provided, including your name, gender, birth date, ID number, passport number, nationality, important dates (e.g. birthday, anniversary), education, occupation, contacts (address, phone number, fax, email, social media account), credit card information, financial transaction(e.g. payment amount, payment type, transaction statement, etc.), reservation and accommodation details, commodity purchase, and relevant interactions occurred while using our website.  
2. We collect your information from the following ways:  
(1) This website (e.g. By clicking ‘Reservation’, ‘Shopping’, ‘Sign Up’, ‘Contact us’, ‘Jobs’), and information received or saved from your interactions with any application or web functions, as well as the data automatically collected from your browser of electronic devices or mobile phones.  
(2) Others (e.g. phone reservation, security system and other resources).  
3. You may decide how much information you’d like to reveal; however, some specific services request your Personal Information. If you choose not to provide certain Personal Information, you may not be able to access those specific services. Once the information is disclosed or reported false, Leofoo Tourism Group may enforce the right to suspend services, provided that such suspension is justified and communicated clearly.  
II. Use of Personal Information  
1. Provide services upon requests, such as room reservation, shopping, F&B, etc.  
2. Scheduled messages, emails for payment notices or other notifications.  
3. Customers’ analysis, marketing, advertisements and promotions, with explicit consent obtained from users for such purposes and an option to opt-out.  
4. Data services, database management, and other E-commerce services.  
5. Personal Information collection, process and use comply with applicable law, judicial obligations, contracts or legal enforcement.  
6. Your Personal Information will be transferred to courts or other judicial institutions for use and process within the legal scope when consumer disputes occur.  
III. Use Scope (Validity Period, Region, and Users):  
1. Validity Period: The validity period commences when Leofoo Tourism Group collects your Personal Information according to the aforementioned purposes, and remains effective until you request Leofoo Tourism Group to cease collecting, processing, using, deleting partial or all Personal Information. The validity period will also due in accordance with applicable laws, such as Business Entity Accounting Act or retention period of each contract. Users can request the cessation of data collection or processing at any time.  
2. Region: Domestic and overseas branches of Leofoo Tourism Group, Leofoo Tourism Group management or investment corporations, and Leofoo Tourism Group’s business partners, (e.g. mutual-marketing or collaboration, etc.), which locate both domestically and overseas.  
3. Users: Leofoo Tourism Group, domestic and overseas branches of Leofoo Tourism Group, Leofoo Tourism Group affiliated companies, Leofoo Tourism Group management or investment corporations, Mutual-marketing and business partners with Leofoo Tourism Group, the law enforcement authorities and the executive authorities.  
IV. Use of Cookies  
“Cookies” are small blocks of data created by a web server to differentiate users’ preferences.  
Leofoo Tourism Group processes the information to help our site functions correctly, and better understand the needs of our customers. Therefore, each field uses “Cookies” to obtain the information keyed in for the site, and allows third parties to use essential and non-essential cookies, web beacons, Software Development Kit(SDK), Application Programming Interfaces(APIs) and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookie”) to collect specific data about you.  
Partial Cookies on the site are necessary for your services and website protection and maintenance. Users can manage their cookie preferences and opt-out of non-essential cookies.  
V. Security of Personal Information  
Leofoo Tourism Group applies to appropriate security regulations to maintain the security of Personal Information, and safeguard Personal Information against unauthorized or unlawful process, disclosure or access.  
VI. Inquire, Alter, Update or Delete Personal Information  
If you request for inquiry, alteration, update, transmission or deletion of Personal Information, or question our privacy policy, you may click “Contact Us” or dial the service line for the service.  
According to applicable laws, information that are necessary for the retention cannot be provided, used, deleted or cease collections by Leofoo Tourism Group upon your request. However, the circumstances under which personal information can be retained will be clarified to ensure compliance with the right to erasure as per applicable laws.  
VII. Changes to this Privacy Policy  
Leofoo Tourism Group will amend this privacy policy in accordance with the alteration of applicable regulations and advancement of technology. If we make any material change in privacy policy or how we process Personal Information, we will prominently post notice of the change on our site.  
Otherwise, your continued use of our site after we make changes to this policy is deemed acceptance of those changes. Users will have a clear opt-in or opt-out mechanism to consent to changes in the privacy policy.  
Leofoo Tourism Group Intellectual Property Declaration (Copyright)  
All applications and contents uploaded unto the site, such texts, videos, trademarks,objects, publications, images, files, information, data, sitemap, web design and builder materials, are all protected by copyright laws, including but not limited to Trademark Rights, Patent Rights, Copyrights, Trade Secrets and Proprietary Technology, etc.  
Without prior written consent, anyone cannot use, alter, reproduce, broadcast, change, transmit, distribute, publish, rent, sale, restore, decode or reverse engineering. Prior written consent must be obtained from The Leofoo Development Co., LTD. if transfers or reposts of aforementioned software and web contents are necessary. Otherwise, violators are subject to criminal liability and civil compensation and damage.  