Fulfill and manage your orders . We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Website Administer prize draws and competitions . We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in our competitions .
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user . We may use your information to provide you with the requested service . To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users . We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services .
For other business purposes . We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Website, products, marketing and your experience . We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information .
We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent . WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE ? In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations . We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis: Consent:We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose .
Legitimate Interests:We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests . Performance of a Contract:Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract . Legal Obligations:We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements) .
Vital Interests:We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved .
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations: Business Transfers . We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company .
3rdParty Analytics . We anonymize personally identifiable information prior to sending the data to 3rd Party Analytics like Google Analytics . DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ?
