This site uses cookies to only capture URL parameters, count visitor number, share functions and etc . Please visit ECS'sPrivacy Policyfor further information . By continue browsing our website, you are hereby aware of and agree on ECS' use of cookies by clicking"OK" OK PRODUCTS Mini PC Motherboard Laptop AIO PC Gaming PC IPC EV Charger SUPPORT Download Center Technical Support FAQ/General FAQ Laptop Product Guide INVESTOR SERVICE Financial Information Shareholders Services NEWS CENTER Press Release Event Center ABOUT ECS Introduction Awards Green ECS Contact Us ECS ESG Report Home Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Elitegroup Computer Systems Co .
, Ltd . and its affiliates (together referred to as “ECS”) take the private nature of your personal information very seriously . To comply with the Personal Information Protecting Act [Specific Act Name], [Country]'s implementation of the GDPR and other applicable laws, ECS frames this Privacy Policy (the \"Policy\") outlining what personal information we may collect, how we use and safeguard it, and with whom we may share it .
Your accessing of our website at www . ecs . com . tw (the "Website") will be deemed that you accept this Policy . If you are a minor, you shall access or use the Website only after your parents(or your guardian) read and agree our Policy . The use, access, or submission of personal information to the Website by you, or if you are a minor, by your parents (or guardian) on your behalf, constitutes consent to this Policy.  We will obtain verifiable parental consent for the processing of personal data of a child below the age determined by EU Member State law.
Please read it carefully . Information Collected You do not need to provide any personal information for the use of this Website . However, there are circumstances that ECS may ask you to provide us with certain personal information for some services provided by ECS on the Website . When you submit personal information and certain information from you when use or interact with our Website(hereinafter referred to as “Information”), it constitutes your consent to the use of such Information for the purpose(s)stated below .
Information Category Information you provide to us: Product support: Your name, mailing address (including zip code), contact information, e-mail address, credit card number or other payment service information . Registration: Your e-mail address and country/region . Entering events: Your name, mailing address (including zip code), contact information, e-mail, gender, date of birth and ID number .
Information from your use of Website Device information: We collect minimized device information, such as your device model (only when necessary for service provision), and we avoid collecting serial numbers or other unique device identifiers unless strictly necessary and with a legal basis. Log information: We collect log information, such as the network you use to connect to our Website, browser type and language settings, and publicly available IP address. This information is used for aggregated, anonymized statistical purposes and to ensure the security and functionality of our Website. We do not use this information to identify you or track your individual behavior.
Location information: Such as the version of your devices’ GPS and Wi-Fi module, signal, GPS position representation, data identifying nearby Wi - Fi access points, the time zone and local time where the device is used .
Application information: Specify the specific and limited purposes for collecting application information and ensure it's directly necessary for those purposes. How ECS use Information ECS may use Information we collect for the purposes below: To respond to your inquiries that you request . Clearly define and separate legitimate purposes for data use. Avoid vague terms like 'upgrade the quality' and provide specific, legitimate reasons for each use case.
ECS will not disclose, sell or provide your Information to any third party except the situations stated in this Policy and the following exceptions . With your consent . To comply with laws and regulations or governmental requests . To prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offences or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network .
To protect the rights, property, or safety of ECS, the users of the Website, or the public . ECS reserves the right to provide such Information to our officers, employees, contractors, agents, and designees to the extent necessary to enable them to execute certain web services(such as web hosting or maintenance services) for us .
Transfer of Information to Different Locations When you use this Website or submit your Information to ECS, you understand and agree that such Information may be transferred between ECS and its affiliates and / or agents and / or contractors of ECS internationally, and may be stored and processed in any of the countries where ECS and its affiliates and / or agents and / or contractors located .
All transfer, storage and use of your Information shall be subject to this Policy and applicable laws on privacy protection and personal information security . Web Traffic-related Information ECS's web server automatically records certain information incidental to your use of our Website, such as the name of your IP address of the computer you are using, the type of browser software and operating system that you use, and other similar web-traffic information .
Information regarding your traffic patterns may be aggregated to compile a web transaction report showing web-traffic related information, but in no event shall ECS use any of your web-traffic related information for any purpose beyond this Policy . Define specific retention periods for web traffic data and ensure it's deleted or anonymized once its purpose is fulfilled. Use of Cookies In order to improve our Website, ECS may use "cookies" to track your visit .
A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you . It functions as your identification card, recording your passwords, purchases, and preferences . It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses .
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies . You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it . Provide users with clear and concise information about the use of cookies, including their purpose, type, and duration. Obtain explicit consent before setting non-essential cookies.
ECS uses cookies to track your visit to our Website . com and log the IP / Internet address of your computer . The specific and legitimate purposes for processing IP addresses should be explicitly stated. If the purpose is not essential for providing the service, consent should be obtained from the user.
TYPE NAME VALUE PURPOSE EXPIRY MORE INFO session cookie 1st party ASP . NET_SessionId Predefined value Used to capture URL parameters when a lead visits a landing page When you close your web browser . AWS Signed Cookies __cfduid Predefined value To enhance website security by distinguishing between trusted users and untrusted users sharing a single IP address .
365 days MORE INFO Google analytics cookie 1st party _ga Unique number Used to count unique visitors 2 years MORE INFO Google analytics cookie 1st party _gid Unique number Use to count unique visitors per day 24 hours MORE INFO Google analytics cookie 1st party __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmt, __utmz, _gat 1 or Specific number Used to throttle requests to google analytics 1 minute MORE INFO AddToAny cookie 3rd party page_services, uuid, uvc 1 or Specific number Used to detect visitors who enable or disable their utility When you close your web browser .
MORE INFO Access Information Unless otherwise specified in applicable laws and regulations, you may exercise the following rights with regard to your Information upon written request: (i) any inquiry and request for a review of your Information; (ii) any request to make duplications of your Information; (iii) any request to supplement or correct your Information; (iv) any request to discontinue the collection, processing or use of your Information; (v) any request to delete your Information; and (vi) withdraw your consent .
ECS strives to maintain the accuracy of your Information against any accidental or malicious destruction . ECS will accommodate your requests regarding your Information; however, ECS may not be able to fulfill all your requests in the following circumstances: (i) by law; (ii) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests; (iii) to prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offences or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network; and / or (iv) to protect the rights, property, or safety of ECS, the users of the Website, or the public . While these exceptions are generally acceptable, the policy should be more specific about which legal obligations might prevent fulfilling user requests. It should also mention the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Third-party links in our Website Our Website may contain links to third-party websites . Please be aware that ECS is not responsible for the security, the privacy practices and the materials of those third - party websites . ECS encourages you to be aware of when you leave our Website, and to read the privacy statements of those third - party websites carefully .
This Policy applies to ECS Website only . Revision to Privacy Policy ECS reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time and publish on the Website after such modification . We therefore suggest you access the Website regularly to ensure that you know the latest version of Policy .
Contact ECS If you have any inquiries, questions, comments or complaints about this Policy, please feel free to contact us by using the contact information provided in “Contact Us” of the Website .
    
