This is the privacy notice of VIA Technologies, Inc . In this document, “we”, “our”, or “us” refer to VIA Technologies, Inc . We are company number 86870786 registered in Taiwan, listed under number 2388 at Taiwan Stock Exchange . Our headquarters are at 8F, 533 Zhongzheng Rd, Taipei, New Taipei City 231, Taiwan . 

Introduction This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you . It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us . It covers information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information that could not . 

In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information . We are committed to upholding your rights regarding your personal data. If you have any concerns or requests related to your data, please contact us using the information provided at support@viatech.com. You can find detailed information about your rights in this privacy notice. We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality . We understand that all visitors to our website are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party . We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate . 

Our policy complies with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) . We would like to inform you about your rights and our obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data . Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website . 

The bases on which we process information about you The law requires us to determine under which of six defined bases we process different categories of your personal information, and to notify you of the basis for each category . If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data . If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information . 

Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with you When you create an account on our website, buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us . In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us . Some of this information may be personal information . We may use it in order to: Verify your identity for security purposes Sell products to you Provide you with our services Provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services and how to obtain the most from using our website Send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services Follow up with you after correspondence by email or phone call We process this information on the basis that there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract .Information we process with your consent Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide you more information about our business, including our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information . 

Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies . Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply . Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally . We may aggregate it in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor the performance of a particular page on our website . 

If you have given us explicit permission to do so, we may from time to time pass your name and contact information to selected associates whom we consider may provide services or products you would find useful . We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists . You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us at support@viatech . com . 

Information we process for the purposes of legitimate interests We may process information on the basis there is a legitimate interest, either to you or to us, of doing so . Where we process your information on this basis, we do after having given careful consideration to: Whether the same objective could be achieved through other means Whether processing (or not processing) might cause you harm Whether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would, in the round, consider it reasonable to do so For example, we may process your data on this basis for the purposes of: Record-keeping for the proper and necessary administration of our online store https://viatech . com/en/store/ Responding to unsolicited communication from you to which we believe you would expect a response Protecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do so 

Information we process because we have a legal obligation We are subject to the law like everyone else . Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a statutory obligation . For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order . This may include your personal information . 

Specific uses of information you provide to us Information relating to your method of payment While the payment information is processed by a third party, it is crucial to clearly define the roles and responsibilities regarding data protection in a data processing agreement with PayPal.  This agreement should specify that PayPal acts as a data processor, and Viatech as the data controller, outlining instructions for processing payment data, ensuring appropriate security measures are in place, and addressing data subject rights. 

Sending a message to our support team When you contact us, whether by telephone, through our website or by e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need . We keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide a high quality service .Use of information we collect through automated systems when you visit our website Cookies Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser when you visit any website . They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a personalized experience and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved . Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser . Others last indefinitely . Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose . It also should allow you to prevent or limit their use . 

Our website uses cookies . They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use . When you first visit our website, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies . If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their use for any other purpose . 

We use cookies in the following ways: To keep you signed in our site To record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our site while you complete them To help remember and process the items in the shopping cart To keep track of advertisements To compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site 

Third-party disclosure We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information . Specify the circumstances under which data transfers to third countries will occur, the safeguards implemented (e.g., standard contractual clauses, binding corporate rules), and the means for users to obtain a copy of these safeguards or information about where they are available. Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website . 

Mailchimp We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform . When subscribing to any of our newsletters on our site, users acknowledge that their information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing . Instead of simply linking to Mailchimp's privacy policy, provide a summary of the key points relevant to data processing, including the purposes, legal basis, data retention periods, and data subject rights. Ensure this information is presented clearly and concisely within your own privacy policy. Opting out Users can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails . 

Google Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles . They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users . https://support . google . com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548 ? hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website . Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site .Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet . Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy . We have implemented the following: Remarketing with Google AdSense Google Display Network Impression Reporting Demographics and Interests Reporting We, along with third-party vendors such as Google and Facebook, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies and Facebook Pixel) to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website . Provide users with a clear and concise explanation of how Google AdSense uses cookies for personalized advertising. Offer users the option to opt out of personalized advertising through Google AdSense and provide a link to Google's Ads Settings page (https://adssettings.google.com). Opting out Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page . Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on . 

Personal identifiers from your browsing activity Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our website are recorded . We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address . We also record information about the software you are using to browse our website, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution . We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the webpages on our website and how we perform in providing content to you . If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed in to our website . 

Our use of re-marketing Re-marketing involves placing a cookie on your computer when you browse our website in order to be able to serve to you an advert for our products or services when you visit some other website . We may use a third party to provide us with re-marketing services from time to time . If so, then if you have consented to our use of cookies, you may see advertisements for our products and services on other websites . 

Disclosure and sharing of your information Information we obtain from third parties Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party, we sometimes receive data that is indirectly made up from your personal information from third parties whose services we use . No such information is personally identifiable to you . 

Data may be processed outside the European Union Our websites are hosted in the US, Europe, and Taiwan . We may also use outsourced services in countries outside the European Union from time to time in other aspects of our business . Accordingly data obtained within the EU or any other country could be processed outside the European Union . For example, some of the software our website uses may have been developed in the United States of America or in Taiwan .Access to your own information Access to your personal information At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you . To obtain a copy of any information you may send us a request at support@viatech . com After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information The GDPR states that data controllers should respond to requests from data subjects "without undue delay and in any event within one month of receipt of the request." The policy should be amended to guarantee a response within one month. 

Removal of your information If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at support@viatech . com or follow the instructions at the bottom of each marketing email . This may limit the service we can provide to you While it's true that removing data might limit services, the GDPR outlines specific circumstances where the right to erasure doesn't apply. The policy should clarify these exceptions (e.g., compliance with legal obligations, public interest tasks, etc.). 

Verification of your information When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action . This is important to safeguard your information . 

Other matters Use of site by children We do not sell products or provide services for purchase by minors . If you are legally not an adult, you may purchase our products or services only with an adult supervision The GDPR sets the age of consent for processing children's data. This section should specify the age of consent in accordance with the GDPR (16 years old, or lower as per Member State law) and detail how parental/guardian consent is obtained and managed. 

Encryption of data sent between us We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser and to encrypt any data you give us . Whenever information is transferred between us, you can check that it is done so using SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser’s URL bar or toolbar . 

How you can complain If you are dissatisfied with our privacy policy or would like to file a complaint, please notify us by email at support@viatech . com . We will reach back to you as soon as possible . In case the complaint proves impossible to be resolved, we will work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection bodies, to resolve the issue . 

Retention period for personal data Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us: To provide you with the services you have requested; To comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities; To support a claim or defence in court While these are legitimate reasons for data retention, the policy should emphasize that data will be kept only *as long as necessary* for these purposes. It should avoid vague terms like "as long as required" and instead provide more specific timeframes or criteria for data deletion.. Compliance with the law Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business The GDPR has extraterritorial applicability, meaning it can apply even if the company is not based in the EU. The policy should acknowledge this and clearly state that it aims to comply with the GDPR for all data subjects within its scope..    
    
