A “cookie” can be defined as a piece of data that a website sends to your browser and that may then be stored on your computer as a hardware identifier . Cookies are most commonly used to assess website usage – visitor numbers, length of visit – and effectiveness – pages and topics visitors are most interested in – and also to make website navigation easier .
Used in this way, cookies have no real connection to personal information . However, cookies are sometimes used to track user preferences in order to personalize and improve user experience . Cookies can be broken down into two groups: "session cookies” and "persistent cookies . ” Session cookies aid efficiency and are erased when the user closes their web browser .
They track the things users do from page to page, meaning that people are not repeatedly asked for the same information . Persistent cookies are stored on a user’s hard disk and will not be deleted when a web browser is closed . They are used to record information about things like preferred language and user location .
When you visit an AAEON website or use an associated online service, you may be able to set your own cookie preferences via your web browser tools and settings . Although changing your cookie preferences will not cause cookies already stored on your device to be deleted, you can use your web browser settings to delete cookies .
AAEON websites do not recognize "do not track" instructions and other automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, but in most cases, you can still use your web browser to define your own privacy settings regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies . To do this, click on "Tools" – alternative headings may be used in different browsers – and look for information on cookies .
It’s generally possible to turn off cookies or set up a notification so that your browser warns you before you receive a cookie . If you do this, you’ll be able to decide whether you want to accept individual cookies . We recommend that you leave your cookies turned on as they make it possible for you to take full advantage of some of our websites' features .
If you turn off, block, or otherwise reject our cookies, you will be unable to sign in to websites, add items to your shopping cart or proceed to the checkout in the eShop, and some webpages may not load properly . How we use your personal information Any personal information we collect will be collated and may be analyzed for marketing purposes .
If you want to receive information about AAEON products and services, you can choose to do so via email, telephone, or post, and you can also sign up for a subscription . You will be able to choose not to have your personal information used in this way . You may also choose, at any time, to unsubscribe from marketing updates by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the marketing emails you receive, by informing us of your decision during a marketing call, or by contacting us directly .
