Information retention period Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will hold your personal information for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy statement . At your request, we will delete information held about you . Email privacy@aaeon .
com . tw to make such a request . The privacy of minors We do not knowingly collect information about people under the age of thirteen – or the equivalent age in other jurisdictions – without the consent of a parent or guardian . We also encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in the online activities of any minors in their charge .
If you are a minor, please seek the consent of one of your parents or guardians before visiting AAEON websites or using an associated online service . You may only submit your information if you have the consent of one of your parents or guardians . Your parents or guardians can, at any time, revoke any consent previously given .
Sensitive personal information AAEON will never ask you to provide your medical records or disclose information about your political or religious beliefs, sexual orientation or history, or criminal offences you were convicted of or are alleged of committing . We also ask that you do not provide us with any such information .
Your rights You can make a request to access, update, or correct the information AAEON holds about you . To start the request process, email privacy@aaeon . com . tw . You also have the right to object to direct marketing . In accordance with local law in your region, you may have additional rights regarding the processing of your personal information .
For example, if the collection and use of your personal information is governed by the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), your rights allow you to object to any processing of your information even if it was collected and is being processed in a legitimate way . Under the strictures of the GDPR, you may also have the right to request that your personal information be deleted, its use restricted, or that it be transferred .
Contact us If you have any questions about this policy statement, please email us at privacy@aaeon . com . tw . Your message will be directed to the relevant person in AAEON's Data Privacy Team . For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the controller of your personal information is AAEON Technology Inc .
, 5F, No . 135, Lane 235, Pao Chiao Rd . , Hsin-Tien Dist, New Taipei City, 231, Taiwan, R . O . C . , unless indicated otherwise . AAEON Technology Inc . is not the controller of your personal information in situations such as: Your personal information is used in conjunction with a contractual agreement with a specific AAEON subsidiary .
The controller of your personal information will then be the AAEON contracting company, the legal entity you or your company has entered or will enter into a contractual agreement .
