2 . 2 Customer shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Platform, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, server, software, operating system, networking, web servers, long distance and local telephone service (collectively, “Equipment”) . Customer shall be responsible for ensuring that such Equipment is compatible with the Platform and complies with all configurations and specifications set forth in Company’s published policies then in effect .
Customer shall also be responsible for maintaining the security of the Equipment, Customer account, passwords (including but not limited to administrative and user passwords) and files, and for all uses of Customer account or the Equipment with or without Customer’s knowledge or consent . Additionally, Customer agrees to be bound by any end-user software agreements that govern the installation and use of such Equipment .
2 . 3 Customer will cooperate with Company in connection with the performance of this Agreement by making available such personnel and information as may be reasonably required, and taking such other actions as Company may reasonably request . Customer will also cooperate with Company in establishing a password or other procedures for verifying that only designated employees of Customer have access to any administrative functions of the Platform .
2 . 4 The parties will each comply with applicable portions of the EU Data Processing policy . 3 . CONFIDENTIALITY 3 . 1 Each party (the “Receiving Party”) understands that the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) has disclosed or may disclose information relating to the Disclosing Party’s business (hereinafter referred to as “Proprietary Information” of the Disclosing Party) .
The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information, and (ii) not to divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information . The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to any information after three years following the disclosure thereof or any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, (c) was rightfully disclosed to it by a third party, (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party or (e) is required by law .
In any event, Company may use for development, diagnostic and corrective purposes any data and information it collects relating to the Platform . 3 . 2 Both Parties will have the right to disclose the existence but not the terms and conditions of this Agreement, unless such disclosure is approved in writing by both Parties prior to such disclosure, or is included in a filing required to be made by a Party with a governmental authority (provided such party will use reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment or a protective order) or is made on a confidential basis as reasonably necessary to potential investors or acquirers .
3 . 3 Customer acknowledges that Company does not wish to receive any Proprietary Information from Customer that is not necessary for Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement, and, unless the parties specifically agree otherwise, Company may reasonably presume that any unrelated information received from Customer is not confidential or Proprietary Information .
