Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Service, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google . Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Service is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy .
You may find additional information about Google Analytics at http://www . google . com/policies/privacy/partners . Information Collected From Other Websites and Do Not Track Policy Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Service . Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Service and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy .
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites . Our Service does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Service and after you leave our Service .
Information You Provide to Us We receive and store any information you enter on the Service or provide to us in any other way . You can choose not to provide us with certain information, though you may not be able to take advantage of many Service features . The personal information you provide may be used for such purposes as responding to your questions or requests, customizing the content you see, and communicating with you about new Service features .
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Service, we may collect such information into a file specific to you . You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you as provided herein, though our intent is that email is the only channel we will use to contact you without your consent .
Also, once you install any Mobile Apps and enable specific Platform Services, you may be providing us with additional information, such as contacts and camera-photos on your device . Additionally, we may collect information about your location and calendar in order to provide you with more personalized Service . Again, you can choose not to provide us with certain information, though you may not be able to take advantage of many Service features .
If you provide your third-party account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third party site or Platform Service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy .
