These parties include: Payment processors Fraud prevention service providers Ad networks Analytics service providers Staff augmentation and contract personnel Hosting service providers Co-location service providers Telecommunications service providers We also share Personal Data when necessary to complete a transaction initiated or authorized by you or provide you with a product or service you have requested .
In addition to those set forth above, these parties also include: Other users (where you post information publicly or as otherwise necessary to effect a transaction initiated or authorized by you through the Service) Social media services (if you interact with them through your use of the Service) Third party business partners who you access through the Service Other parties authorized by you We also share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to: Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies Maintain the security of our products and services We also share information with third parties when you give us consent to do so .
Last, we share Personal Data with our affiliates or other members of our corporate family . Furthermore, if we choose to buy or sell assets, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets . Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party, and we would share Personal Data with the party that is acquiring our assets .
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy . How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data ? We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you Service .
In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation . Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally .
What Security Measures Do We Use ? We seek to protect Personal Data using appropriate technical and organizational measures based on the type of Personal Data and applicable processing activity . Personal Data of Children: We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16 .
If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Service or send any Personal Data about yourself to us . If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible . If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at IFTTT@gdpr-rep .
