However, we never disclose aggregate usage or de-identified information to a partner (or allow a partner to collect such information) in a manner that would identify you as an individual person . Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties, and you will be able to prevent the sharing of this information .
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information Services can be disconnected at anytime though prior Applets may remain in our electronic archive . You can change your email address and contact information by going to the settings page . You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate .
You may be able to add or update certain additional information via the Service . When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records . Please note that information may remain in our records after deletion of your account . IFTTT will only update your information on third party sites or send you information (phone, sms, etc .
) with your specific consent, such as when you add Applets to your account . User Communications You may input your contact information into the Service so that IFTTT may contact you . When you enter your contact information or send an email or other communication to IFTTT, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries and respond to your requests .
We do not use your email address or contact information to send commercial or marketing messages nor do we give or sell this information to any third parties . To the extent your e-mail address is provided to IFTTT, you may receive e-mail or other communications from us . Your California Privacy Rights Under California Civil Code Sections 1798 .
83-1798 . 84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties . If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, you can request it using this form .
You may also submit a written request to IFTTT Inc . , PO Box 590547, San Francisco, CA 94159-0547, Attn: Legal Changes to this Policy Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time . We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor .
Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page . We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amend terms on the Site . All amended terms shall automatically be effective thirty (30) days after they are initially posted on the Site . Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date .
