Information we automatically collect when you use our Service: Some Personal Data is automatically collected when you use our Service, such as the following: IP address Device identifiers Web browser information Page view statistics Browsing history Usage information Transaction information (e . g . transaction amount, date and time such transaction occurred) Cookies and other tracking technologies (e .
g . web beacons, pixel tags, SDKs, etc . ) Location information (e . g . IP address, zip code) Log data (e . g . access times, hardware and software information) How Do We Use Your Personal Data ? We process Personal Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Service .
For example, we use Personal Data to: Create and manage user profiles Communicate with you about the Service Process orders Contact you about Service announcements, updates or offers Provide support and assistance for the Service Personalize website content and communications based on your preferences Meet contract or legal obligations Respond to user inquiries Fulfill user requests Comply with our legal or contractual obligations Resolve disputes Protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions Enforce our Terms of Service We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so .
Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below . Contractual Necessity: We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Use with you, which enables us to provide you with the Service .
When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Service that require such data . Legitimate Interest: We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties .
Examples of these legitimate interests include: Operation and improvement of our business, products and services Marketing of our products and services Provision of customer support Protection from fraud or security threats Compliance with legal obligations Completion of corporate transactions Consent: In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data .
When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection . Other Processing Grounds: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest .
How and With Whom Do We Share Your Data ? We share Personal Data with vendors, third party service providers and agents who work on our behalf and provide us with services related to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service .
