We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Service and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website or service that you visit or utilize . IFTTT has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the Content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Service .
In addition, IFTTT will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the Content of any third party site or service . By using the Service, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website or service . Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals .
You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties . You agree that IFTTT shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings .
If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or between users and any third party, you agree that IFTTT is under no obligation to become involved . In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release IFTTT, its officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Service .
If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor .
" Will IFTTT ever change the Service ? We’re always trying to improve the Service, so it may change over time . We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Service, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Service .
We’ll try to give you notice when we make a material change to the Service that would adversely affect you, but this isn’t always practical . Similarly, we reserve the right to remove any Content from the Service at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice .
Privacy IFTTT takes the privacy of its users very seriously .
