You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Service, and you won’t use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone else’s (including IFTTT’s) rights .
You understand that IFTTT owns the Service . You won’t (except as permitted by applicable law) reverse engineer, modify, or create derivative works based on the Service . The Service may allow you to copy or download certain Content; please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesn’t mean that all the restrictions above don’t apply – they do !
What if I see something on the Service that infringes my copyright ? You may have heard of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”), as it relates to online service providers, like IFTTT, being asked to remove material that allegedly violates someone’s copyright . We respect others’ intellectual property rights, and we reserve the right to delete or disable Content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate the accounts of repeat alleged infringers; to review our complete Copyright Dispute Policy and learn how to report potentially infringing content, click here .
To learn more about the DMCA, click here . Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Service ? Any information or Content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Service is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such information or Content originated, and you access all such information or Content at your own risk .
We aren’t liable for any errors or omissions in that information or Content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it . We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the information or Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the information or Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired information or Content through the Service .
We can’t guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Service and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Service . You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Service, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it .
You will keep all your registration information accurate and current . You are responsible for all your activity in connection with the Service . The Service may contain links or connections to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by IFTTT . When you access third party websites or use third party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that IFTTT is not responsible for such risks .
